Citi PremierMiles Card Online Sign-Up 2026 Flash Deal Promotion Terms and Conditions
(“Promotion”)
1. Promotion and Gift
a. The Promotion Period is from 1 September 2026 to 31 October 2026 (both dates inclusive)
(“Promotion Period”).
b. If you meet all our requirements under the Promotion, you will receive a S$100 Trip.com Gift
Card (“Gift”).
c. You will only be entitled to receive one (1) Gift subjected to additional terms as set out below.
2. Eligibility
a. This Promotion is opened to new customers (as a Main Cardmember) who applied this
Promotion during the Promotion Period.
b. You are an eligible new customer (“Eligible Cardmember”) if
i. you have applied for a Citi PremierMiles Card (“Eligible Card”) through the Citibank
website or Citibank SG Citi Mobile® App (“Citi Mobile® App”) during the Promotion
Period.
ii. you do not have any existing Citi Credit Card (as a Main Cardmember) Account
(“Account”) at the time of your application;
iii. you do not previously own a Citi Credit Card (as a Main Cardmember) that was
terminated/closed in the last twelve (12) months prior to your application; and
iv. you do not have any pending applications for Citi Credit Card (as a Main Cardmember).
3. Qualifying Period
“Qualifying Period” refers to the period starting from the Eligible Card approval date to the end of
that calendar month (“First Month”) and, two full calendar months immediately after the end of
that First Month. Example: if the Eligible Card is approved on 15 Oct 2026, the Qualifying Period
will be from 15 Oct 2026 (i.e. Card approval date) to 31 Dec 2026 (i.e. two full calendar months
starting from Oct 2026), both dates inclusive.
4. Promotion Mechanics (“Qualifying Criteria”)
a. To qualify for the Gift, you must be an Eligible Cardmember and your application for the Eligible
Card must meet all the conditions below:
i. Your application for the Eligible Card as a Main Cardmember must be applied via
Citibank website or Citi Mobile® App within the Promotion Period;
ii. Your application must be approved and successfully opened within 30 days from the
date of application and meet the Qualifying Criteria;
iii. You must meet at least S$800 Qualifying Spend on your newly opened
Citi PremierMiles Card that you hold as a Main Cardmember during the Qualifying
Period.
b. The Promotions, products and services mentioned in the referenced document are not offered
to individuals resident in certain countries/jurisdictions. For the comprehensive list of these
countries/jurisdictions, please refer to the "Privacy" section in the footer of our Citibank
Website. The referenced document is not, and should not be construed as, an offer, invitation
or solicitation to buy or sell any of the promotions, products and services mentioned therein to
such individuals.
5. Qualifying Spend
a. Qualifying Spend refers to any retail transactions (including internet purchases) which do not
arise from (i) any Equal Payment Plan (EPP) purchases, (ii) refunded / disputed / unauthorized
/ fraudulent retail purchases, (iii) Quick Cash and other instalment loans, (iv) Citi PayLite / Citi
FlexiBill / cash advance / quasi-cash transactions / balance transfers / annual card membership
fees / interest / goods and services taxes, (v) bill payments made using the Eligible Card as a
source of funds, (vi) late payment fees, (vii) any other form of service/miscellaneous fees and
1(viii) Citi PayAll transactions where the customer is not charged the Citi PayAll service fee. Any
reversals/rebates/refunds, whether full or partial, will go towards reducing the accumulated
retail transaction amount.
b. Any Qualifying Spend charged to a supplementary cardmember of an Eligible Card will be
added to the Main cardmember’s Qualifying Spend on his/her main Eligible Card.
c. Any Qualifying Spend amount that is cancelled, refunded or reversed during the Promotion
Period such that the total amount of Qualifying Spend charged during the applicable
Promotion Period falls short of S$800 Qualifying Spend amount, you will be deemed as
ineligible and will not qualify for the Gift as you have not met the Qualifying Criteria of the
Promotion.
d. If you no longer meet the Qualifying Spend amount within the Qualifying Period due to
transactions reversed/refunded/rejected, Citibank reserves the right to forfeit/clawback the
Gift.
e. The Qualifying Spend will be determined by “spend date” which is the transaction date based
on Singapore Timing (UTC+08:00). Citibank bears no liability for any late submission or
transaction posting of any purchase by any merchant that might affect the Promotion.
6. Fulfillment of the Gift
a. The Gift will be awarded to the Eligible Cardmember by 30 April 2027 and it will be uploaded
on Citi Mobile® App. Citibank may extend the date of fulfilment with notice.
b. The Gift will be in the form of one gift card number of S$100 which must be redeemed and
activated with the provided PIN in the Trip.com App within 3 months from the date of when
Citi uploads the Gift Card number and PIN on Citi Mobile® App. For clarity, 3 months refers
to period in which the Gift Card number and PIN are uploaded on Citi Mobile® App (First
Month), and three full calendar months immediately after the end of the First Month. Example:
if the gift card number and PIN are uploaded on 15 March 2027, the redemption period will
be from 15 March 2027 to 30 June 2027.
c. You will need to link the Gift to your Trip.com account on the Trip.com app with the Gift Card
number and PIN provided to utilize the Gift. More information on the detailed expiry date can
be found on your Trip.com app upon linking of the Gift. The use of the Gift on Trip.com app
is subject to the terms and conditions as may be imposed by Trip.com. Please refer to
Trip.com’s website, under Gift Cards for these terms and conditions.
d. The Gift is non-exchangeable and not redeemable for cash. Any failure to redeem the Gift
by the redemption period will lead to forfeiture of the Gift and no extensions will be
entertained.
e. The Gift will only be available on the Citi Mobile® App and you will be required to have access
to your Citi Mobile® App and log in to retrieve the Gift. No other form of fulfillment will be
provided. If you have any technical issues with the Citi Mobile® App, you can contact Citibank
for assistance. You may refer to https://www.citibank.com.sg/gcb/citi-mobile for details on
downloading and navigating Citi Mobile® App.
f. You can enjoy this Promotion in addition to the existing Citi PremierMiles Card Online Sign-
Up Promotion 8,000 Citi Miles (“Citi PremierMiles Card Online Sign-Up Promotion”) or Citi
PremierMiles Card Online Sign-Up Promotion 30,000 Citi Miles (“Citi PremierMiles Card
Online Sign-Up Promotion”). If you meet all the conditions for either one of the Citi
PremierMiles Card Online Sign-Up Promotions and Citi PremierMiles Card Online Sign-Up
2026 Flash Deal Promotion, you will enjoy 8,000 Citi Miles or 30,000 Citi Miles respectively
2(“Welcome Gift”) and S$100 Trip.com Gift Card (“Gift”).
g. Other than the Promotion stated in Clause 6.f., this Promotion is not valid with all other ongoing
acquisition gifts or promotions, including any welcome/acquisition promotions that are offered
on Singsaver and Moneysmart websites or any welcome/acquisition promotions held at
roadshows. For the avoidance of doubt, a customer may only receive one (1) Welcome Gift
for any application of any Citibank credit card.
h. You will not be entitled the Gift for any of the following reasons:
i. any of your credit card(s) or any account(s) with Citibank is/are not in good standing
(as determined by Citibank in its discretion and including default of any payment to
Citibank) or is/are inactive / closed / terminated / suspended and/or not activated at
any time during the Promotion Period or any time after the Promotion Period up to and
including the time of fulfillment of the relevant Gift; or
ii. if Citibank is of the opinion that you had at any time: a) acted fraudulently or
dishonestly; and/or b) conducted in bad faith or otherwise in an inappropriate manner
to gain an unfair advantage against Citibank; or
iii. or any reason which Citibank determines in its discretion that you should not be entitled
to receive the Gift, such discretion to be exercised reasonably.
7. General Terms and Conditions
a. Citibank reserves the right to determine at its reasonable discretion whether an Eligible
Cardmember has satisfied the Qualifying Criteria of the Promotion.
b. By participating in this Promotion, the Eligible Cardmember provides consent to Citibank
sending marketing communications and notifications relating to the Promotion via
Citi Mobile® App / Push Notification / SMS / Email (or such other mode of communication as
Citi may determine in its sole discretion) to him/her.
c. Citibank reserves the right to terminate this Promotion at any time, and/or vary the terms and
conditions governing this Promotion from time to time including varying the Gift or offering a
replacement for the Gift of a similar value at any time. Further, Citibank reserves the right to
reverse/revoke the Gift awarded or debit the value of the Gift awarded from the Eligible
Cardmember's Eligible Card account if Citibank determines that there has been any error in
the awarding of the Gift.
d. Citibank makes no warranty or representation for the quality, merchantability or the fitness for
any purpose or any other aspect of the products and/or services provided by third parties.
Citibank shall not at any time be held liable for any loss, injury, damage or harm suffered by
or in connection with the products and/or services provided by third parties.
e. Citibank’s decision on all matters relating to this Promotion will be at its discretion and will be
final and binding on all customers. In the event of any inconsistency between these terms and
conditions and any advertising, promotional, publicity and other materials relating to or in
connection with the Promotion, these terms and conditions shall prevail.
f. This Promotion is not valid with other ongoing sign-up offers or promotions unless otherwise
stated.
g. Citibank reserves the right to offer different promotions/offers depending on channel or
platform.
Updated as of August 2026
3