Revisions to KrisFlyer UOB Credit and Debit Card privileges for Scoot
The following table below summarises the revisions made to privileges on Scoot for KrisFlyer UOB Credit
and/or Debit Cardmembers with effect from 10 June 2024. Where applicable, certain privileges will be
valid for a principal cardmember of a KrisFlyer UOB Credit Card (“Principal Cardmember”).
To enjoy the following privileges, all Scoot payment must be charged to a KrisFlyer UOB Credit/Debit
Card and booked through the dedicated site flyscoot.com/KrisFlyerUOB at initial point of purchase.
Privileges Current W.e.f 10 June 2024
Complimentary The Principal Cardmember / Debit No changes to the privilege.
BoardMeFirst Cardmember and each member of
(priority check-in his/her travelling party will enjoy
and boarding) complimentary BoardMeFirst
(priority check-in and boarding) for
flights on Scoot.
Complimentary Only the Principal Cardmember / The Principal Cardmember / Debit
Preferred / Debit Cardmember will be entitled Cardmember and each member of his/her
Standard Seat to complimentary Preferred / travelling party will be entitled to
Selection Standard Seat selection for flights complimentary Preferred / Standard Seat
on Scoot. selection for flights on Scoot.
Upgraded The Principal Cardmember / Debit Only the Principal Cardmember / Debit
Baggage Allowance Cardmember and each member of Cardmember will be entitled to a
his/her travelling party will be complimentary 5kg upgrade on baggage
entitled to a complimentary 5kg allowance for flights on Scoot, when minimum
upgrade on baggage allowance for of 20kg of baggage allowance is purchased
flights on Scoot, when minimum of upon booking of flight not less than 24 hours
20kg, up to 35kg, of baggage before departure. Email notification will be
allowance is purchased. sent to the Principal Cardmember / Debit
Cardmember accordingly.
Booking Flexibility One-time Booking Flexibility Waiver This privilege will no longer be available.
Waiver per itinerary available for the first
change per flight itinerary, and for
bookings that include the Principal/
Primary Cardmember.
For enquiries regarding above revisions and privileges for KrisFlyer UOB Credit and Debit Cardmembers,
please contact Scoot here, by selecting Enquiry > Membership > KrisFlyer UOB.
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z
## RESTRICTED ##