DCS CASHBACK CREDIT CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CASH REBATE
1. DCS CASHBACK CREDIT CARD (hereinafter referred to as the “Card”) awards the cardmember
(the “CM”) a cash rebate of 5% when CM, including supplementary CM(s), use the Card in
accordance with the terms set out below.
2. The total cash rebate that the CM may earn on the Card shall be capped at S$50 for each
statement month.
3. To qualify for the cash rebate, the CM, including supplementary CM(s) must charge at least S$500
in a calendar month (excluding any unposted transactions in the month).
4. Cash rebate is eligible on all transactions made on the Card, except for transactions set out in
Clause 6 below. For avoidance of doubt, the date the transaction charged may not be the same
as the date the transaction is posted due to factors including but not limited to processing time and
differences in time zones (if applicable), (e.g. transactions made on the Card on 31st October 2025
but yet to be posted to the Card account by the Statement of Accounts (“SoA”) date will not be
taken into account in computing cash rebate earned for that month).
5. Cash rebates are computed on a monthly basis based on the 1st calendar to the last calendar day
of every month, and shall be calculated based on two decimal places for every eligible transaction
without any rounding off. Cash rebates shall be credited to your SoA statement in the same month
(for transactions posted from 1 to 31 October, cash rebates will be calculated and credited to the
same SoA, i.e. October SoA. For avoidance of doubt, the SoA shall be available for CMs’ access
on our DCS Cards App/Web/sent to CMs who opted for Paper SOA). Cash rebates will be
automatically offset against billed amount. In the event any cash rebate is earned by the
supplementary CM(s) of the Card, it will be credited to the principal CM’s SoA.
6. #For the purpose of computing the qualifying cash rebates of the CM based on the CM’s spendings,
the following charges and/or fees and/or entries as reflected in the monthly SoA for the promotion
period shall not be qualified as eligible spendings of the CM:
a. Entrance and/ or subscription and/or renewal fees;
b. Service charges and/or late payment charges;
c. All disputed charges unresolved as at DCS’s processing date of the monthly SoA during
the promotion period;
d. All debit and credit journal entries;
e. Casino/access charges and/or cheque encashing charges;
f. Stolen/lost/fraud Card charges;
g. AXS bill payments;
h. Road Tax payment;
i. All transactions at LTA;
j. All transactions at Singapore Post;
k. 0% Interest-free Instalment Payment Plan (also known as BNPL, or Buy-Now- Pay-Later);
l. ReadyCA$H;
m. DCA$H;
n. Balance Transfer;
o. Transactions made with Esso Fleet Card (EFC);
p. Cash advance transactions
q. Any transaction made with the following Merchant Category Codes (MCC):
MCC Description
4829 Money Transfer Merchant
5199 Nondurable Goods Not Elsewhere Classified
1MCC Description
5960 Direct Marketing Insurance Services
6012 Member Financial Institution, Merchandise And Services
6050 Quasi Cash - Member Financial Institution
6051 Quasi Cash Merchant
6211 Securities Brokers/Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting And Premiums
6529 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Financial Institute Rentals
6530 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Merchant Rentals
6534 Money Transfer
6540 Nonfi Stored Value Gift Card
7995 Gambling Transactions Entertainment
9222 Fines
9223 Bail And Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services Not Elsewhere Classified
9402 Postal Services Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases-Government Only
7. Notwithstanding Clause 6 above, DCS Card Centre reserves the right to determine the eligibility
of any transaction made by the CM for the purpose of computing the cash rebates.
8. In case of any refunded transactions, the amount will be deducted from the relevant monthly billed
amount for the computation and award of cash rebate, and any reversed portion of the cash rebate
earned will be reflected in the following month’s SoA.
9. DCS Card Centre reserves the right to amend, withdraw, subtract, re-calculate and/or cancel any
cash rebate awarded if CM fails to make successful payment for the minimum payment due as
reflected on the monthly SoA, misuse or exploit the cash rebate program or for any other reason
that DCS Card Centre may deem fit in its sole discretion. For avoidance of doubt, the CM shall not
be entitled to any payment or compensation as a result of such amendment, withdrawal,
subtraction, re-calculation and/or cancellation.
10. DCS Card Centre shall not be liable for any failure or delay in the transmission of any transaction
by any party (including but not limited to merchant establishments) for whatsoever reason,
including any late submission of any transaction by the merchant.
11. In the event that your Card account is delinquent, terminated or suspended for any reason
whatsoever before the cash rebate is credited into your Card account, DCS Card Centre reserves
the right to forfeit the cash rebate at its sole discretion without prior notice to you.
12. DCS Card Centre reserves the right to amend this Terms and Conditions of Cash Rebate from
time to time with reasonable prior notice to you.
213. By using the Card, you are deemed to have accepted this Terms and Conditions of Cash Rebate.
14. This Terms and Conditions of Cash Rebate are in conjunction with our Cards Terms & Conditions.
Information is updated and correct as at 2 July 2026
3