Terms And Conditions Governing DCS Flex Card Reward Programme And Card Design
1. DCS Flex Card Reward Programme (“DCS Flex Reward Programme”)
1.1 The DCS Flex Card is a card bearing the VISA name and/or the service mark of VISA issued
by DCS Card Centre Pte Ltd (“DCS”).
1.2 The DCS Flex Reward Programme allows DCS Flex Cardmembers (“Cardmembers”) to
choose and earn either Cash Rebate, Investment Credits or Miles on their spend.
1.3 Depending on their Monthly Spend, Cardmembers may earn up to 8% Cash Rebate, up to 8%
Investment Credits, or up to 2.4 Miles per S$1 spend on the transactions in the Spend Category
defined herein.
2. Cash Rebate, Investment Credits Or Miles (“Reward”)
2.1 Cash Rebate
(a) Cardmembers may choose Cash Rebate as their Reward and earn Cash Rebate under the
following Spend Category in each statement month:
Spend Category Cash Rebate Category Cap
Transactions made in foreign currency 8% S$25
Online spend made in SGD 6% S$25
Contactless spend made in SGD 6% S$25
All other spend 0.3% S$25
(b) To qualify for the 8% Cash Rebate (on Foreign Currency Transactions) and 6% Cash
Rebate (on Online and Contactless Spend), Cardmembers must charge at least S$600
worth of retail transaction(s) (“Minimum Monthly Spend”) to their Card within the same
statement month.
Subject to these Terms and Conditions, Cardmembers will earn up to 0.3% Cash Rebate
on transactions across all the four (4) Spend Categories if the Minimum Spend requirement
is not met.
(c) The maximum aggregate Cash Rebate that a Principal Card Account may earn in any
statement month is S$100.
(d) For the purpose of determining the amount of Cash Rebate, the Card Transactions made
in foreign currencies shall be first converted into Singapore Dollars based on a prevailing
retail rate offered by an institution chosen by us applying on the working day before the day
of processing plus a conversion commission. The conversion commission is available on
the Website and is subject to change by us from time to time without notice to you.
(e) The Cash Rebate is awarded to you in Singapore Dollars and is computed on a full
statement month basis (i.e. from the first day to the last day of every billing cycle), rounded
down to the nearest two (2) decimal places for every eligible Card Transaction, based on
the total amount of Card Transactions charged and posted to the Card Account. The Cash
Rebate shall be credited into the Principal Card Account and reflected in the following
month’s statement and, where applicable, shall be applied to offset the billed amount in that
statement.
2.2 Investment Credits
(a) Cardmembers may choose Investment Credits as their Reward and earn Investment
Credits under the following Spend Category in each statement month:
1Spend Category Investment Credits Category Cap
Transactions made in foreign currency 8% S$25
Online spend made in SGD 6% S$25
Contactless spend made in SGD 6% S$25
All other spend 0.3% S$25
(b) To qualify for the 8% Investment Credits (on Foreign Currency Transactions) and 6%
Investment Credits (on Online and Contactless Spend), Cardmembers must charge at least
S$600 worth of retail transaction(s) (“Minimum Monthly Spend”) to their Card in the same
statement month.
Subject to these Terms and Conditions, Cardmembers will earn up to 0.3% Investment
Credits on transactions across all the four (4) Spend Categories if the Minimum Spend
requirement is not met.
(c) The maximum aggregate Investment Credits that a Principal Card Account may earn in any
statement month is S$100.
(d) For the purpose of determining the amount of Investment Credits, the Card Transactions
made in foreign currencies shall be first converted into Singapore Dollars based on a
prevailing retail rate offered by an institution chosen by us applying on the working day
before the day of processing plus a conversion commission. The conversion commission
is available on the Website and is subject to change by us from time to time without notice
to you.
(e) The Investment Credits are rewarded in Singapore Dollars and are computed on a full
statement month basis (i.e. from the first day to the last day of every billing cycle), rounded
down to the nearest two (2) decimal places for every eligible Card Transaction, based on
the total amount of Card Transactions charged and posted to the Card Account. Where
applicable, the Investment Credits shall be credited into the Principal Cardmember’s
designated Account held with iFAST Financial Pte Ltd (“iFAST”) (governed by the relevant
terms and conditions issued by iFAST) in the following month.
2.3 Miles
(a) Cardmembers may choose Miles as their Reward and earn Miles under the following Spend
Category in each statement month:
Spend Category Miles Category Cap
Per S$1 Spend
Transactions made in foreign currency 2.4 Miles 750 Miles
Online spend made in SGD 1.8 Miles 750 Miles
Contactless spend made in SGD 1.8 Miles 750 Miles
All other spend 0.4 Miles 750 Miles
(b) To qualify for the 2.4 Miles per S$1 spend (on Foreign Currency Transactions) and 1.8 Miles
per S$1 spend (on Online and Contactless Spend), Cardmembers must charge at least
S$600 worth of retail transaction(s) (“Minimum Monthly Spend”) to their Card in the same
statement month.
Subject to these Terms and Conditions, Cardmembers will earn up to 0.4 Miles per S$1
spend on transactions across all the four (4) Spend Categories if the Minimum Spend
requirement is not met.
2(c) The maximum aggregate Miles that a Principal Card Account may earn in any statement
month is 3,000 Miles.
(d) For the purpose of determining the number of Miles, the Card Transactions made in foreign
currencies shall be first converted into Singapore Dollars based on a prevailing retail rate
offered by an institution chosen by us applying on the working day before the day of
processing plus a conversion commission. The conversion commission is available on the
Website and is subject to change by us from time to time without notice to you.
(e) The Miles is computed on a full statement month basis (i.e. from the first day to the last day
of every billing cycle), rounded down to the nearest full number for every eligible Card
Transaction, based on the total amount of Card Transactions charged and posted to the
Card Account. The Miles shall be credited into the Principal Cardmember’s DCS Miles
Holding Account (“VISA Flex wallet”), and reflected on the statement within the same
month.
(f) Miles accumulated in the VISA Flex wallet (if not redeemed) will expire 3 years from the
earned date.
(g) Cardmembers may redeem the accumulated Miles in their VISA Flex wallet for KrisFlyer
Miles, subject to a minimum of 5,000 Miles and in multiples of 5,000 Miles per redemption.
(h) A conversion fee (subject to prevailing GST) will be charged to the Card Account for each
redemption request. The conversion process will take up to 15 working days.
2.4 Any refunded, disputed, unauthorised or fraudulent transactions will be considered / subject to
clawback at 0.3% Cash Rebate / Investment Credits, or 0.4 Miles earned per S$1 under the
“All other spend” category.
2.5 The Reward is eligible only on all posted transactions, except for transactions set out in Clause
5 made on the Card. For avoidance of doubt, the date of the transaction charged may not be
the same as the date the transaction posted due to factors including but not limited to
processing time and differences in time zones (if applicable).
2.6 The Reward will not be awarded to a Cardmember whose Card Account is voluntarily, or
involuntarily closed, terminated, or suspended for any reasons whatsoever before the Reward
is awarded to the Cardmember.
2.7 For the avoidance of doubt, any Card Transaction incurred by a Supplementary Cardmember
shall accrue to the respective Principal Cardmember and form part of the Card Transactions,
and the Reward is to be credited into the Principal Cardmember’s Card Account.
2.8 DCS reserves the right to make any adjustments/cancellation/withdrawal to the Reward should
there be any unposted, voided, cancelled, disputed and/or reversed Card Transactions
including those arising from returned goods or services, billing disputes, or any other reason at
our absolute discretion.
2.9 DCS reserves the right to reject any request for and appeals against the Reward adjustments/
cancellation/withdrawal at our absolute discretion without ascribing any reason therefor and
may or may not communicate with you concerning such adjustments/cancellation/withdrawal.
2.10 DCS reserves the right at our absolute discretion to determine, vary, or amend the eligible Card
Transactions, the Reward earned and/or to be credited, without ascribing any reason or prior
notice or assuming any liability to you whatsoever.
2.11 If DCS determines at our absolute discretion that you are not eligible to receive the Reward (or
any part thereof), then DCS is entitled to forfeit the award of the Reward; or if already awarded,
deduct from the Card Account and/or any of your accounts with us, and/or recover the same
from you.
3For the avoidance of doubt, the Reward awarded to you is not transferable and not
exchangeable for cash, credit, goods and services, products, privileges or other form, whether
in full or in part.
3. Category Spend
3.1 Online Spend refers to retail transaction(s) for goods and services made via the Internet, based
on system indicators and processed by the respective merchants/ acquirers as an online
transaction through Visa Worldwide networks, charged to the Card and excludes the
transactions listed under Exclusions in Clause 5.
3.2 Visa Contactless Spend refers to retail transaction(s) made via Visa contactless through a
contactless terminal by means of the card, charged to the Card and excludes the transactions
listed under Exclusions in Clause 5.
3.3 Foreign Currency Transactions refers to retail transaction(s) charged in a foreign currency, other
than SGD, to the Card and excludes the transactions listed under Exclusions in Clause 5. For
avoidance of doubt, overseas card transactions that are converted into Singapore dollars at the
point of payment via dynamic currency conversion will not be considered as a Foreign Currency
transaction.
4. Minimum Monthly Spend
4.1 Monthly spend means transactions charged and posted to the Card Account within the billing
cycle.
4.2 The calculation is based on the combined spend from the Principal and Supplementary cards
(where applicable).
4.3 Refunded, disputed, unauthorised or fraudulent transactions, and the Exclusions in Clause 5
will be deducted from the Minimum Monthly Spend Criteria taken into consideration for the
purposes of the computation and awarding of the Reward.
5. Exclusions
5.1 The following transactions shall not be deemed as Card Transactions and do not qualify to earn
any Reward (collectively referred to as the “Exclusions”):-
(a) Annual fees
(b) Service charges and/or late payment charges
(c) All disputed charges unresolved as at DCS’ processing date of the monthly SoA
(d) All adjusting entries on the statement of account
(e) Casino/access charges and/or cheque encashing charges
(f) Stolen/lost/fraud Card charges
(g) AXS bill payments
(h) Road Tax payment
(i) All transactions at LTA
(j) All transactions at Singapore Post
(k) 0% Interest-free Instalment Payment Plan
(l) ReadyCA$H
(m) DCA$H
(n) Balance transfer
(o) Pay4U transactions
(p) Cash advance transactions
(q) Transactions made with Esso Fleet Card (EFC)
(r) Any transaction with transaction descriptions “AMAZE*”, “EZ-LINK*”, “IPAYMY*”,
“SIMPLYGO*”, “skrill.com*” and “TRANSIT*”
4(s) Any transaction made with the following Merchant Category Codes (MCC):
MCC Description
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4829 Money Transfer
4900 Utilities – Electric, Gas, Water and Sanitary
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5960 Direct Marketing – Insurance Services
6010 Financial Institutions – Manual Cash Disbursements
6011 Financial Institutions – Automated Cash Disbursements
6012 Financial Institutions – Merchandise, Services, and Debt Repayment
6050 Quasi Cash – Member Financial Institution
6051 Non-Financial Institutions –Foreign Currency, Non-Fiat Currency (for
example: Cryptocurrency), Money Orders (Not Money Transfer),
Account Funding (not Stored Value Load), Travelers Cheques, and Debt
Repayment
6211 Security Brokers/Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting, and Premiums
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers
6540 Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Cleaning, Maintenance, and Janitorial Services
7523 Parking Lots, Parking Meters and Garages
7800 Government-Owned Lotteries (US Region only)
7801 Government Licensed On-Line Casinos (On-Line Gambling) (US
Region only)
7802 Government-Licensed Horse/Dog Racing (US Region only)
7995 Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-Track
Betting, Wagers at Race Tracks and games of chance to win prizes of
monetary value
8062 Hospitals
8211 Elementary and Secondary Schools
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools, and Junior Colleges
8241 Correspondence Schools
8244 Business and Secretarial Schools
8249 Vocational and Trade Schools
8299 Schools and Educational Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
8398 Charitable Social Service Organizations
8651 Political Organizations
8661 Religious Organizations
9211 Court Costs, Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
9402 Postal Services – Government Only
9405 U.S. Federal Government Agencies or Departments
9406 Government-Owned Lotteries (Non-U.S. region)
55.2 The Reward will not be awarded to any transactions that DCS deems to be
corporate/commercial transactions, or any transaction of similar nature.
5.3 DCS reserves the right at our sole and absolute discretion to determine, vary, or amend the list
set out above from time to time without any prior notice or giving any reason or being liable to
any party at any time.
5.4 For avoidance of doubt, any Reward earned by the Cardmember cannot be used to offset or to
settle any Exclusions.
6. Card Designs
6.1 By applying for the Card, the Cardmember agrees:
(a) not to publish, modify, adapt, duplicate, reproduce, distribute or create any derivative work
from any card designs (including any artwork, logos, trademarks and/or designs contained
therein) without the prior written consent of DCS, regardless of whether such Card Designs
are currently in circulation or which are no longer in circulation but otherwise available in
the public domain;
(b) that the Card Design is provided to the Cardmember only for the purpose of using the Card,
and all intellectual property rights in and to the Card Design remains with DCS and/or its
licensors’. Accordingly, the Cardmember shall not use the Card Design for any purpose, or
in any manner, other than for the sole purpose of using the DCS Flex Card;
(c) that DCS shall not be responsible or liable for, and the Cardmember shall absolve DCS
from, all actions, proceedings, liabilities, losses, damages, claims, demands and expenses
and including all legal costs (on a solicitor and client basis) and other costs, charges and
expenses of any nature of description, arising out of or in connection with any action or
omission by the Cardmember in relation to any Card Design, including but not limited to
any breach of Clause 6.1;
(d) that the choice of Card Design is only offered by us to the Cardmember during point of card
application;
(e) that DCS may terminate, discontinue or withdraw the use or availability of any Card
Design(s) at any time without notice or liability to the Cardmember;
(f) that DCS may vary the Card Design fee (if any) of any card at any time and from time to
time and will not refund nor return the difference (if any) between the Card Design fee
previously paid by the Cardmember and the revised Card Design fee; and
(g) that DCS reserves the right to select any available Card Design for the Cardmember in the
event that a Card Design is not selected, indicated or stated clearly by the Cardmember in
the Cardmember’s application form, replacement form or Card Design request form.
6.2 Notwithstanding any selection, indication or choice of any Card Design made by the
Cardmember, DCS shall have the right to select and choose any Card Design for the
Cardmember (whether for a new or existing Card), and to request for the return of the
Cardmember’s existing Card (if any), without any prior notice.
7. Other Terms And Conditions
7.1 By applying and using this Card, the participating Cardmembers consent under the Personal
Data Protection Act 2012 to the collection, use and disclosure of their personal data by/to DCS,
DCS’s agents or vendors and such other third party as DCS may reasonably consider
necessary for the purpose of the Card Programme, and agree to be bound by the terms of the
DCS Privacy Policy, a copy of which can be found on https://dcscc.com/legal/privacy-policy.
67.2 DCS, its related corporations, employees and/or agents shall not be liable for any loss, injury,
liability, expense or damage whatsoever or howsoever incurred or sustained by any applicant
and/or any other person by reason of, arising from or in connection with the Card Programme.
7.3 DCS’s decision on all matters relating to the Card Programme, and on all matters pertaining to
the Reward, award, benefits and privileges conferred by the use of the Card shall be final,
binding and conclusive. DCS reserves the right at any time, and from time to time at our
absolute discretion to withdraw, cancel or vary the Reward, award, benefits and privileges
conferred by the use of the Card without ascribing any reason therefor, and Cardmember shall
not be entitled to any payment or compensation whatsoever from DCS.
7.4 DCS reserves the right to vary, delete or add to any of these Terms and Conditions from time
to time or to withdraw, suspend or terminate the Card Programme at any time without any notice
or liability.
7.5 The prevailing and relevant DCS Flex Card terms and conditions and agreement shall apply.
For full details, please visit dcscc.com.
7.6 In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional material relating to the DCS Flex Card Reward Programme and Card
Design, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail.
Information is updated and correct as at 1 June 2025
7