OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING OCBC REWARDS CARD PROGRAMME (“Programme”)
The following terms and conditions and any other rules, procedures or instructions which we may issue from
time to time (collectively "Terms and Conditions") shall apply to the OCBC Rewards Card (“OCBC Rewards Card”
or “Card”).
These Terms and Conditions together with the terms of the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement and OCBC Rewards
Terms of Use (as may be amended, modified and supplemented by Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited (“OCBC Bank”) from time to time) shall govern and apply to the OCBC Rewards Card. In the event of
any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions, the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement and
the OCBC Rewards Terms of Use, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail in so far as they relate to the OCBC
Rewards Card.
All terms and references used in these Terms and Conditions, and which are defined or construed in the OCBC
Cardmembers Agreement but are not defined or construed in these Terms and Conditions shall have the same
meaning and construction in these Terms and Conditions.
Usage of the Card will be deemed acceptance by the Cardmember of these Terms and Conditions, the OCBC
Cardmembers Agreement and the OCBC Rewards Terms of Use.
1. OCBC Rewards Card Programme
a) The OCBC Rewards Card is a card bearing the name MASTERCARD and/or the service mark of MASTERCARD
issued by OCBC which can earn up to 50 OCBC$ for every S$5 spend as follows:
i. 5 OCBC$ will be awarded for every S$5 spend (“Base OCBC$”) on all retail spend; and
ii. Bonus 45 OCBC$ will be awarded for every S$5 spend (“Bonus OCBC$”) on shopping spend categories
(as defined in Clause 2) by the end of the next calendar month, following the relevant transaction
posting date, subject to the following:
1) The maximum Bonus OCBC$ earned from spending in the abovementioned categories that can be
credited to each eligible Cardmember’s card account in each calendar month is 10,000 OCBC$;
2) The maximum Bonus OCBC$ earned is shared between the Principal Cardmember and
Supplementary Cardmember and will be credited to the Principal Cardmember’s OCBC$ account;
and
3) Upon earning the maximum Bonus OCBC$ per calendar month in the abovementioned categories,
all transactions made in the abovementioned categories will only earn the Base OCBC$ (i.e. the 5
OCBC$ per S$5 spend).
b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, OCBC Bank has the absolute discretion to determine how the
10,000 OCBC$ as set out in Clause 1(a)(ii)(1) is achieved/calculated. Among others, OCBC Bank may run
other campaigns or promotions (“Other Campaigns”) and OCBC$ earned under such Other Campaigns
may, at the absolute discretion of OCBC Bank, be included by OCBC Bank in determining whether a
customer has earned the maximum 10,000 OCBC$. Hence, if OCBC Bank determines that the aggregate of
OCBC$ earned under the Other Campaigns and the categories set out in Clause 1(a)(ii)(1) exceeds 10,000
OCBC$ in a calendar month, all transactions made thereafter in that calendar month will only earn the
Base OCBC$ (i.e. the 5 OCBC$ per S$5 spend).
c) For avoidance of doubt, all OCBC$ earned shall be calculated based on each block of S$5 charged to the
Card per transaction, and Cardmembers shall not be entitled to any partial or pro-rated award of any
OCBC$ for any amount charged that does not amount to a S$5 block. Amounts charged in multipleOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
transactions will not be combined to make up a S$5 block. As an illustration, a customer who spends an
amount between S$10 and S$14.99 in a single transaction can earn up to 100 OCBC$. However, a customer
who spends S$4.90 in a single transaction, or who spends S$2.50 in one transaction and S$2.50 in another
transaction, will not be awarded any OCBC$.
2. Bonus OCBC$ Transactions
a) Transaction categories are automatically categorised according to the Merchant Category Code (MCC).
The MCC determines whether the transaction is eligible for Bonus OCBC$ under each category. MCCs are
assigned by payment card organisations (e.g. Visa, MasterCard, American Express), which OCBC Bank has
no discretion over. A merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature of business.
b) To earn Bonus OCBC$, retail transactions made locally or overseas must fall within any of the following
MCCs:
Merchant Category Codes (MCC):
MCC 5309 Duty Free Stores
MCC 5311 Departmental Stores
MCC 5611 Men’s and Boys’ Clothing and Accessories Stores
MCC 5621 Women’s Ready to Wear Stores
MCC 5631 Women’s Accessory and Speciality Stores
MCC 5641 Children’s and Infants’ Wear Stores
MCC 5651 Family Clothing Stores
MCC 5655 Sports and Riding Apparel Stores
MCC 5661 Shoe Stores
MCC 5691 Men’s and Women’s Clothing Stores
MCC 5699 Miscellaneous Apparel and Accessory Shops
MCC 5941 Sporting Goods Stores
MCC 5948 Luggage or Leather Goods Stores
c) On top of that, we also recognise the following list as eligible merchants** (or as stated on the OCBC
Rewards Website from time to time) which will earn Bonus OCBC$ on any purchases made with these
merchants:
Alibaba Guardian Shopee*
AliExpress Lazada Taobao
Amazon Mustafa Centre TikTok Shop
Ezbuy NTUC Unity WatsonsOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
* Transactions with the description “Shopee Pay” under MCC 5262 are not eligible to earn any OCBC$
** Transactions under MCC 5411 (Grocery stores, Supermarkets) are not eligible to earn any Bonus OCBC$
3. Other Conditions
a) For every 50 OCBC$ Reward earned (comprising of both Base OCBC$ and Bonus OCBC$), 5 OCBC$ will be
posted to the Card Account with every S$5 successfully charged to the Card Account. The remaining 45
OCBC$ will be posted to the Card Account by the end of the next calendar month, following the relevant
transaction posting date.
b) Retail purchases charged to the Card but which have yet to be posted to the Card Account shall not be
considered in the computation of OCBC$ to be awarded.
c) OCBC Bank reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to determine the type of eligible
transactions which qualify under the Promotion. This includes without limitation, whether a transaction is
to be considered a retail transaction. If OCBC Bank in its sole and absolute discretion decides that any
transaction is not to be considered as a retail transaction, or that any transaction does not otherwise
qualify under the Promotion, the OCBC$ may not be awarded. Spend will be computed based on
transaction posted date.
d) OCBC Bank reserves the right to revoke, deduct and/or recompute any OCBC$ awarded in the event a
Principal Cardmember and/or Supplementary Cardmember fails to effect due payment for the Card
transactions and/or if the account is closed or terminated by the Cardmember or OCBC Bank, as the case
may be.
e) OCBC Bank reserves the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the Cardmember to claw-
back, deduct, withdraw, or cancel any OCBC$ or other rewards/rebates awarded to the Cardmember for
any reason whatsoever, and without any liability to the Cardmember.
f) OCBC Bank reserves the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the Cardmember to debit,
charge and/or deduct from any of the Cardmember’s accounts with OCBC Bank and/or demand the
Cardmember to repay or compensate to OCBC Bank, the monetary value equivalent of any OCBC$ or other
rewards/rebates awarded to the Cardmember, for any reason whatsoever, and without any liability to the
Cardmember. Further, if any Cardmember wishes to close his/her Card Account but such Card Account has
an insufficient or negative OCBC$ (or such other reward/rebate) balance for any reason whatsoever, OCBC
Bank reserves the right to debit, charge and/or deduct from any of the Cardmember’s accounts with OCBC
Bank, and/or demand the Cardmember to repay or compensate to OCBC Bank, the monetary value
equivalent of the amount of OCBC$ (or such other reward/rebate) in deficit. OCBC Bank reserves the right
to determine and revise from time to time the rate of conversion used for the purpose of computing the
monetary value equivalent of the OCBC$ (or such other reward/rebate) to be deducted.
g) No person shall be entitled to any payment or compensation whatsoever in respect of any claw-back,
deduction, withdrawal or cancellation of any OCBC$ or other rewards/rebates awarded to the
Cardmember, or any debit, charge or deduction or demand for the monetary value equivalent of any
OCBC$ (or such other reward/rebate), made by OCBC Bank, for any reason whatsoever.
h) OCBC$ is awarded only on retail purchases made on the OCBC Rewards Card. Annual Card fees, Cash-on-
Instalment, Instalment Payment Plan, PayLite, extended payment plan, interest, late payment charges, tax
payments, Cash Advances, Balance Transfers, bill payments made via Internet Banking, bill payments madeOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
via AXS, transactions made at TransitLink General Ticketing Machines and other fees and charges will not
be taken into account in the awarding and computation of the OCBC$.
i) In addition, OCBC$ will not be awarded for transactions made with the following Merchant Category Codes
(“MCC”):
MCC Description
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4829 Wire Transfer Money Orders (WTMOs)
4900 Utilities–Electric, Gas, Heating Oil, Sanitary, Water
5047 Medical, Dental, Ophthalmic and Hospital Equipment and Supplies
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5262 Marketplaces (only for Shopee Pay)
5960 Direct Marketing Insurance Services
5993 Cigars Stores and Stands
6010 Banks - Manual /Automated Cash Disbursement
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency,
6051
Non-Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting and Premiums
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers–Rentals
6540 Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Cleaning, maintenance and janitorial services
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips,
7995
Offtrack Betting, and Wagers at Racetracks
8062 Hospitals
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and VocationalOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
8299 Schools And Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Organizations, Charitable and Social Service
8651 Organizations, Political
8661 Organizations, Religious
8675 Automobile Associations
8699 Labor Union
9211 Court Costs Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
9402 Postal Services–Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases–Government Only
j) OCBC reserves the right to change or substitute the OCBC$ with any item of similar value without notice.
k) The crediting of any OCBC$ or other rewards/rebates to your Card Account will be entirely at OCBC’s
discretion and OCBC shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage suffered or incurred by any
Cardmember in connection with OCBC crediting or not crediting any OCBC$ or other rewards/rebates to
Cardmembers.
l) A Cardmember who opted for SmartChange Programme shall not be entitled to earn OCBC$.
m) For the avoidance of doubt, the Bank has the absolute discretion to decide whether or not to provide any
notice in relation to any of its decisions made hereto.
n) For the avoidance of doubt, transactions listed below are not eligible for OCBC$:
i. Any top-ups or payment of funds to prepaid accounts and merchants who are categorized as “payment
service providers” (including but not limited to GrabPay, Youtrip, Shopee Pay and Singtel Dash);
ii. Payments of membership fees to clubs and associations (including country clubs); and
iii. NETS Flashpay Top-ups, Ez-Link Top-ups and Transit Link related transactions.
The exclusions are not exhaustive and may be subject to changes from time to time. OCBC Bank has the
absolute discretion to determine whether any prepaid account or merchant is considered a “payment service
provider”.
4. About OCBC$
a) OCBC$ earned will remain valid until the last day of the 24th calendar month from the month in which it
was earned ("OCBC$ Expiry Date"). Any unused OCBC$ will automatically expire and cannot be reinstated,
redeemed, or used after the relevant OCBC$ Expiry Date.OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
b) For OCBC$ redemption related terms, please refer to the OCBC Rewards Terms of Use (OCBC Webpage >
Personal Banking > Digital Banking > Rewards > Terms and conditions).
5. GENERAL
5.1 The benefits made available to Cardmembers pursuant to the terms of the Programme are not
exchangeable or refundable for cash, credit or kind.
5.2 OCBC Bank shall have the right to use agents, contractors or correspondents or any other third party as it
deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to administer and/or implement the Programme and
OCBC Bank shall not be liable to any person for any act, omission or neglect on the part of such agents,
contractors, correspondents or third parties.
5.3 OCBC Bank reserves the right to suspend, withdraw or terminate the Programme at any time without
notice. The decision of OCBC Bank on all matters relating to the Programme shall be final, binding and
conclusive on all Cardmembers, including without limitation, any decision on the eligibility of any person to
participate in the Programme.
5.4 OCBC Bank may at any time at its sole and absolute discretion, without notice or assigning any reasons
therefore, delete, vary, supplement, amend or modify the terms of the Programme at any time. The
Cardmembers are deemed to accept and are bound by such variations, additions, deletions, amendments
and/or modifications if the Cardmember do not terminate the use of the Card.
5.5 In the event of any inconsistency between terms and conditions and any brochure, marketing or
promotional materials relating to Programme, the terms of the Programme as set out herein shall prevail.
5.6 OCBC Bank assumes no responsibility for any of the contents found on third party websites referred to in
the terms and conditions of the Programme and shall not be held responsible or liable for any loss or damages
caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on any content, products or services available on
such sites. OCBC Bank does not have control of such websites and the reference to any such websites in these
terms and conditions does not mean that OCBC Bank endorses the material on such websites or has any
association with the owner thereof.
5.7 A person who is not a party to the terms and conditions of the Programme has no right under the Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any term or condition of the Programme.
5.8 The terms of this Programme shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore,
and the Cardmembers irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
Updated as of 16 September 2026