Terms and Conditions Governing BOC NVMO Credit Card Cashback Programme (Effective 13 June 2026)
Under the Bank of China Limited, Singapore Branch (“BOC”) NVMO Credit Card Cashback Programme (this
“Programme”), Cashback will be awarded on spend made by a BOC NVMO Credit Card Cardmember
(“Cardmember”) with his/her BOC NVMO Credit Card (“Card”).
The terms and conditions of this Programme (“Terms and Conditions”) are set out below. BOC may in its
absolute discretion amend, supplement or vary any of these Terms and Conditions or change, cancel or
withdraw this Programme at any time without giving any reason or prior notice. These Terms and
Conditions are additional to, and shall be read together with, the terms contained in the prevailing BOC
Cardmember Agreement, which shall continue to apply. Unless the context otherwise requires or these
Terms and Conditions expressly provide otherwise, all words and expressions defined in the prevailing
BOC Cardmember Agreement shall have the same meanings when used or referred to below.
1. Definitions
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions:
“Billing Cycle” means the length of time between the last Card statement closing date and the next.
“Card Account” means the account of the Cardmember maintained with BOC in respect of the Card.
“Card Transactions” means the transactions successfully charged and posted to the Card Account of
which the Cardmember is the Principal cardholder or the Card that is issued to a person that
Cardmember authorises as a Supplementary cardholder, but excludes the “Exclusions”.
“Exclusions” refers to the Card Transactions and the categories of spend as set out in Clause 3, and such
other transactions and/or categories of spend as BOC may determine at its discretion from time to time,
which do not qualify to earn any Cashback and shall not be counted towards the minimum spend
requirement of this Programme.
2. Cashback
(a) Base Cashback
If a Cardmember charges less than S$800 to his/her Card Account in a Billing Cycle,
the Cardmember will be awarded 0.3% Cashback on all Card Transactions subject to
the “Exclusions” in Clause 3.
(b) NVMO Cashback
If a Cardmember charges S$800 or more to his/her Card Account in a Billing Cycle, the
Cardmember will be awarded NVMO Cashback on Card Transactions falling within the
following spend categories:
(i) 10% Cashback on Dining and Online Food Delivery
Dining and Online Food Delivery
“Dining and Online Food Delivery” means Singapore and Overseas Card
Transactions made at all restaurants, cafes and fast food restaurants and
online food delivery platforms with assigned Merchant Category Code (MCC)
MCC 5812 - Eating Places and Restaurants; and MCC 5814 - Fast Food
Restaurants, excluding all food and beverage spend within hotels and
wedding banquet held in hotels.
V2026
Page 1 of 7The NVMO Cashback for Dining and Online Food Delivery is capped at S$25
per Card Account per Billing Cycle.
(ii) 8% Cashback on Travel and Entertainment
Travel
In-store Malaysia and Indonesia Overseas Spend
“In-store Malaysia and Indonesia Overseas Spend” means on-site Card
transactions charged physically to the Card in Malaysia and Indonesia,
charged in Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) or Indonesian Rupiah (IDR), and exclude
the following:
• Card transactions made overseas but effected or charged in Singapore
dollars via Dynamic Currency Conversion;
• Online transactions effected in foreign currencies;
• Payments processed through mobile wallet or app-based platforms;
• Transactions stated in the “Exclusions”;
• Any other transactions determined by BOC from time to time.
Online Travel Agencies
“Online Travel Agencies” means Card Transactions which are made via the
internet at all Online Travel Agencies with assigned MCC 4722 – Travel
Agencies and Tour Operators and processed by the respective
merchants/acquiring banks as online transactions.
Entertainment
“Entertainment” means Card Transactions made at merchants with assigned
MCC 4899 – Cable, Satellite and Other Pay Television/Radio/Streaming
Service; MCC 5815 – Digital Goods Media – Books, Movies, Digital
artwork/images, Music; and MCC – 7922 Ticket Agencies and Theatrical
Producers (except Motion Pictures).
The NVMO Cashback for Travel and Entertainment is capped at S$25 per Card
Account per Billing Cycle.
(iii) 3% Cashback on Shopping and Lifestyle
Transport
“Transport” means Card Transactions made on public buses and MRT rides
paid via contactless credit card payment (SimplyGo), limousines, taxi and ride-
hailing services with assigned MCC 4111 – Local and Suburban Commuter
Passenger Transportation, excluding SimplyGo Top Up; and MCC 4121 –
Taxicabs and Limousines.
Supermarkets
“Supermarkets” means Card Transactions made at all major supermarkets
and/or hypermarket stores globally with assigned MCC 5411 – Grocery Stores
and Supermarkets.
Online purchases
V2026
Page 2 of 7“Online purchases” means Card Transactions which are made via the internet,
charged to the Card and processed by the respective merchants/acquiring
banks as online transactions through Visa/MasterCard Worldwide networks
but for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude the “Exclusions”.
The NVMO Cashback for Shopping and Lifestyle transactions is capped at S$25
per Card Account per Billing Cycle.
(iv) Up to 3% Cashback on Health and Wellness
3% Cashback on Hospital
“Hospital” means on-site Card Transactions made at hospitals in Singapore
with assigned MCC 8062 – Hospitals. For the avoidance of doubt, all
transactions made at hospitals in Singapore that do not fall within the
assigned MCC 8062 will be eligible for 0.3% Cashback unless it is stated in the
“Exclusions”.
3% Cashback on Veterinary and Pet
“Veterinary and Pet” means Card Transactions made at pet and veterinary
related services in Singapore with assigned MCC 0742 – Veterinary Services;
and MCC 5995 – Pet Shops, Pet Food and Supplies.
1% Cashback on Insurance
“Insurance” means Card Transactions made at insurance related services in
Singapore with the assigned MCC 5960 – Direct Marketing Insurance Services;
MCC 6300 – Insurance Sales, Underwriting and Premiums; MCC 6381 –
Insurance Premiums; and MCC 6399 Insurance Not Elsewhere Classified.
The NVMO Cashback for Health and Wellness transactions is capped at S$25
per Card Account per Billing Cycle.
(v) 0.3% Cashback on all other retail purchases (“other spend”) subject to
the “Exclusions” in Clause 3.
3. Exclusions
3.1 The following Card Transactions do not qualify to earn any Cashback (as determined by BOC in its
reasonable discretion and may be amended, supplemented or varied from time to time, without prior
notice) (collectively referred to as the ““Exclusions””):
(a) any interest charges, card annual fees, late payment charges, goods and services taxes, cash
advances, fund transfers, purchases made through Installment Payment Plans (IPP), any form of purchase
or statement instalments, tax payment plans, unposted, cancelled, disputed and refunded transactions,
all fees charged by BOC or any other third parties (including but not limited to foreign currency
transaction fees or administrative fees imposed by card networks) (if any);
(b) any payment made with the following Merchant Category Codes (MCC);
V2026
Page 3 of 7MCC Excluded Categories
4111 Local and Suburban Commuter Passenger Transportation, Including Ferries
(SimplyGo Top Up)
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4814 Telecommunication Services, including Local and Long-Distance Calls, Credit Card
Calls, Calls Through Use of Magnetic-Stripe-Reading Telephones, and Fax Services
4829 Wire Transfer Money Orders (WTMOs)
4900 Utilities – electric, gas, water and sanitary
5047 Medical, Dental, Ophthalmic and Hospital Equipment and Supplies
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5262 Marketplaces (only for Shopee Pay)
5965 Direct marketing - Combination Catalog and Retail Merchants
5993 Cigar Stores and Stands
6010, Member Financial Institution- Manual
6011, Cash Disbursements/ Automated Cash Disbursement/Merchandise And Services
6012
6050 Quasi Cash- Financial Institutions, Merchandise, Services
6051 Non-Financial Institutions - Foreign Currency, Non-Fiat Currency (for example:
Cryptocurrency), Money Orders (Not Money Transfer), Account Funding (not
Stored Value Load), Travelers Cheques and Debt Repayment
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers
6529, Payments of funds to prepaid accounts and/or merchants who are categorised as
6530, "payment service providers"
6534,
6540
7273 Dating and Escort Services
7349 Cleaning, maintenance and janitorial services
7372 Computing Programming, Data Processing, and Integrated Systems Design
Services
7399 Business Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
7511 Quasi Cash -Truck Stop Trxns
7523 Parking Lots, Parking Meters and Garages
7995 Betting including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-Track Betting and
Wagers at Race Tracks
8211, Schools, Elementary and Secondary / Colleges,
8220, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges /
8241, Schools, Correspondence / Schools, Business and
8244, Secretarial / Schools, Trade and Vocational / Schools
8249, And Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8299
9211 Court Costs, Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
V2026
Page 4 of 79402 Postal Services–Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases–Government Only
8398, Charitable/Religious Organizations
8661
8651 Political Organizations
8699 Organizations, Membership-Not Elsewhere Classified
(Labor Union)
8999 Professional Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
(c) Some examples of merchants which are excluded:
Category Examples
Government Institutions/Services ACRA, CPF, HDB SEASON PARKING, ICA, LTA,
MOM, Town Council, URA, PARKING.SG
Financial Institutions/Services CardUp, FOREX.COM, helloPay, IG MARKETS, ipaymy,
(including banks and brokerages) MatchMove Pay, MONEYBOOKERS.COM, OANDA
PACIFIC, Saxo Cap Markets, Swiss Money
Transfer
Money Transfer and Remittance MoneyGram, Swiss Money Transfer, Western Union,
Services Wise, WorldRemit, Instarem, Remitly
Utility Bill Payments/Other SP Services , AXS, SAM payments
Payments
Prepaid accounts and payment EZLINK (FEVO), EZLINK (IMAGINE), TransitLink,
service providers NETS FlashPay, SingTel Dash, Youtrip, GrabPay Top up,
MatchMove Pay, HelloPay, ShopeePay, SimplyGo Top up,
Lazada wallet top-up transactions, Amaze wallet top-up
transactions
Cleaning, Maintenance, and Helpling, Sendhelper, UrbanCompany
Janitorial Services
3.2 The above table of merchants is provided as an example and is not exhaustive. BOC reserves the
right to add, remove and/or reclassify merchants in the above table from time to time at its reasonable
discretion, without prior notice.
3.3 A merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature of business. The MCCs are
assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. BOC does not determine the merchants’ MCC. BOC shall not
be liable in any way whatsoever relating to the categorisation of a merchant’s MCC.
4. Other Terms and Conditions
4.1 The total spend by a Cardmember and Cashback awarded per Card Account in one Billing Cycle are
based on posted local and foreign retail transactions in that Billing Cycle, and excludes the “Exclusions”.
All applicable fees and charges, as set out in the BOC’s prevailing Credit Card Charges (available on our
website), shall continue to apply and are not affected by this Programme. The “Exclusions” and such
other transactions as determined by BOC from time to time at its reasonable discretion, may be
amended, supplemented or varied without prior notice.
4.2 Should a Cardmember’s spending be deemed to be for commercial and/or non-personal purposes,
BOC reserves the right to refuse to award any Cashback for such transactions, without prior notice. BOC
reserves the right to cancel and reverse any Cashback awarded in a Cardmember’s statement of account
V2026
Page 5 of 7at any time if it deems that such Cashback was not earned from qualifying spend of a Cardmember and
the Cardmember shall not be entitled to any compensation or payment whatsoever.
4.3 Combined spend from Principal and Supplementary Cards is allowed for the purposes of the award of
the Base Cashback or NVMO Cashback. Base Cashback or NVMO Cashback awarded will be credited into
the Card Account in the next Billing Cycle. The Cashback awarded will be reflected on the Principal
Cardmember’s monthly statement.
4.4 The Cashback amount for each transaction category will be computed based on the total value of all
transactions in that category which are successfully charged to the Card and posted onto BOC’s systems
in a Billing Cycle as shown in the Card statement in respect of that Billing Cycle but subject to the
“Exclusions”, and will be rounded down to the nearest two decimal places.
4.5 Transactions made must be posted transactions before the end of each Billing Cycle. BOC shall not
be responsible for any delay in the transmission to BOC of evidence of retail purchases by the merchants
or any other third parties. Further, BOC identifies transactions and their categories via universal MCC
assigned by Visa. The MCC is not decided by BOC but rather by the respective merchants and their
acquiring banks. As such, BOC shall not be liable in any way whatsoever to award any cashback to any
Cardmember or to compensate any Cardmember for any losses, liabilities, expenses or claims suffered
or incurred by any such Cardmember, if a relevant merchant classifies its MCC inaccurately and results
in BOC not awarding any cashback to such Cardmember.
4.6 The Cashback amount credited will be used to automatically offset the billed amount for the Card
Account in the next statement month. The Cashback cannot be withdrawn as cash, cannot be
transferred to any other BOC credit card or debit card accounts or BOC accounts (unless otherwise
agreed by BOC), and cannot be used to offset any minimum payment due, late payment charge, interest
charges or any other fees imposed by BOC.
4.7 In the event of a reversal, refund or cancellation of any posted transactions, the amount of such
reversed, refunded or cancelled posted transactions shall be deducted from the relevant monthly billed
amount for computation and award of Cashback. BOC reserves the right to debit the Card Account for
Cashback credited and/or to charge the Cardmember in relation to such reversal, refund or cancellation
of posted transactions.
4.8 Where any transaction posted to the Card Account is subsequently voided, refunded, cancelled,
reversed, disputed and/or reversed for any reason (whether in whole or in part), BOC shall have the sole
discretion to reverse and forfeit the Cashback awarded in respect of the transaction amount voided,
refunded, cancelled, reversed, disputed and/or reversed.
4.9 All unused Cashback will be forfeited on the earlier of: (i) the expiry of such Cashback at the end of
two (2) calendar years from the month on which the Cashback was first credited into the Card Account;
or (ii) BOC’s receipt of the Principal Cardmember’s request to terminate his/her Card; or (iii) the
termination of the Principal Card by BOC for any reason whatsoever.
4.10 The Card Account must be in good standing at the time of crediting of the Cashback. In the event the
Card Account is delinquent, terminated or suspended for any reason whatsoever before the Cashback is
credited into the said Card Account, BOC reserves the right to forfeit the Cashback at its sole discretion.
4.11 BOC may vary the percentage of the Cashback or revise the minimum spend required at any time
without giving any reason.
4.12 BOC's records of all matters relating to this Programme are conclusive and binding on the
Cardmembers. BOC is entitled, for any reason and at any time, without liability, to suspend the
V2026
Page 6 of 7computation or awarding of Cashback, to rectify any errors in the computation, or otherwise adjust
such computation. Any abuse or fraud in respect of the issuance of Cashback may result in the
cancellation of Cashback already credited into the Card Account.
4.13 BOC may, at its reasonable discretion and without prior notice, suspend or discontinue this
Programme at any time.
4.14 In the case of any dispute, BOC’s decision on all matters relating to the Card Account and the
Programme shall be final, conclusive and binding and no payment or compensation will be given or paid
by BOC to any person. BOC shall not be obliged to give any reason or enter into any correspondence with
any person on any matter relating to its decision.
4.15 By participating in this Programme, a Cardmember irrevocably consents and authorises BOC and
its agents and vendors (including but not limited to the parties involved in organising, promoting and
conducting this Programme) to collect, use and disclose his/her personal data to any person for the
purpose of this Programme, and confirm that he/she has read and agrees to be bound by the terms of
BOC’s Personal Data Protection Policy, as may be amended, supplemented and/or substituted by BOC
from time to time, a copy of which can be found on www.bankofchina.com/sg/aboutus
4.16 BOC shall not be liable if it is unable to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions,
due directly or indirectly to the failure of any machine or communication system, industrial dispute,
war, Acts of God, or anything outside the control of BOC or its servants or agents.
4.17 BOC shall not be liable for any errors, delays, omissions in the performance of its obligations under
these Terms and Conditions.
4.18 BOC shall have the absolute discretion to use any agents, contractors, vendors or third parties to
administer and/or implement this Programme and BOC shall not be liable to any person for any act of
omission or neglect on the part of such agents, contractors, vendors or third parties.
4.19 BOC reserves the right to amend, supplement, vary or cancel any of these Terms and Conditions
at any time at its sole discretion and without liability to any person without giving any reason. If a
Cardmember does not wish to accept any of the amended Terms and Conditions, he/she should not
participate in this Programme or immediately withdraw from this Programme.
4.20 All information is correct at the time of publishing or posting online. However, BOC makes no
representation or warranty whether express or implied, and accepts no responsibility or liability for its
completeness or accuracy.
4.21 In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and any brochure, marketing
or promotional material relating to this Programme, these Terms and Conditions as set out herein shall
prevail.
4.22 A person who is not a party to these Terms and Conditions has no right under the Contracts (Rights
of Third Parties) Act 2001 of Singapore to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions.
4.23 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and any Cardmember
participating in this Programme irrevocably submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore
courts.
V2026
Page 7 of 7