Terms and Conditions Governing UOB Visa Signature Card (“Terms and Conditions”)
These Terms apply to your UOB Visa Signature Card issued by United Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”)
in Singapore and you will earn UNI$ for spending on your UOB Visa Signature Card (the “Card”).
1. UNI$1
(i) You will earn UNI$1 per S$5 spend on the Card. There is no cap to the amount of UNI$ earned on
this basic tier.
(ii) You will earn UNI$1 per S$5 spend on SimplyGo (ABT) based on the accumulated spend on
SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions per calendar month and awarded to you on the 7th calendar day of
the following month. Visit uob.com.sg/rewards for details.
(iii) With effect from 1 July 2025, SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions shall constitute Contactless
Transactions (as defined in Clause 2). This means that you will earn UNI$10 per S$5 spend on the
accumulated spend on SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions subject to all the terms applicable to the
Contactless Transactions.
“SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions” refers to payments for bus or train fares which are made by tapping
or waving the Card against the reader on the bus or train, and made using an Account Based
Ticketing System which enables such payments to be charged directly to your Card account.
(iv) UNI$ will not be awarded for NETS and NETS-related transactions, 0% Instalment Payment Plans,
SmartPay, personal loan, balance/funds transfers, cash advances, fees, interests, finance charges,
late payment charges, annual fee charges, reversals, other financial charges and shall further
exclude the transactions stated below (collectively the “Excluded Transactions”):
a) all transactions in relation to or in connection with bill payment, top-ups of any pre-paid card
and payment of funds to payment service providers or prepaid accounts;
b) any transactions at UOB$ merchants where UOB$ cashback are issued (up till 31 Oct 2024,
w.e.f. 1 Nov 2024 UNI$ will be awarded for transactions made at UOB$ merchants);
c) all transactions or payments made to SPC Service Stations and Shell Service Stations;
d) all transactions under the following Merchant Category Codes (MCC):
Merchant Description
Description
Code (MCC)
4829 Wire Transfer/Remittance
4900 Utilities (with effect from 1 August 2022)
5199 Nondurable Good
5960 Direct Marketing - Insurance Services
5965 Direct Marketing – Combination Catalog and Retail Merchants (with
effect from 1 October 2024)
5993 Cigar Stores and Stands (with effect from 1 October 2024)
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
6050 Quasi Cash–Financial Institutions, Merchandise and Services
6051 Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency,
Non-Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales/Underwrite
6513 Real Estate Agents & Managers – Rentals
6529 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Financial Institute Rentals
6530 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Merchant Rentals
6534 Quasi Cash-Remote Money Transfers
6540 Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
17349 Clean/Maint/Janitorial Serv aka Property Management
7511 Quasi Cash – Truck Stop Trxns
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
7995 Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips,
Off-Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Organizations, Charitable and Social Service
8661 Organizations, Religious
8651 Organizations, Political
8699 Membership Organizations (Not Elsewhere Classified) (with effect from
1 October 2024)
8999 Professional Services (Not Elsewhere Classified) (with effect from 1
October 2024)
9211 Court Costs including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payment
9402 Postal Services—Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases—Government Only
9399 Government Services—not elsewhere classified
e) any transactions made with the following transaction descriptions:
Payment of Funds to Prepaid Accounts
• AXS* • OANDAASIAPA
• AMAZE* (w.e.f. 1 October 2024) • PAYPAL * BIZCONSULTA
• AMAZE* TRANSIT* • PAYPAL * CAPITALROYA
• BANC DE BINARY* • PAYPAL * OANDAASIAPA
• BANCDEBINARY.COM* • Saxo Cap Mkts Pte Ltd
• EZ LINK PTE LTD (FEVO) • SKR*SKRILL.COM
• EZ Link transport • SKR*xglobalmarkets.com*
• EZ Link* • SKYFX.COM*
• EZ-LINK (IMAGINE CARD) • TRANSIT*
• EZ-Link EZ-Reload (ATU) • WWW.IGMARKETS.COM.SG
• EZLINK* • IPAYMY*
• EzLink* • RWS-LEVY*
• EZ-LINK*
• SMOOVE PAY*
• FlashPay ATU*
• SINGPOST-SAM*
• MB * MONEYBOOKERS.COM
• RazerPay*
• NETS VCASHCARD*
• NORWDS* (w.e.f. 21 Jul 2024)
• OANDA ASIA PAC*
The asterisk symbol (“*”) used in transaction descriptions signifies that any number of characters
may follow the specified word or phrase. For example, “AMAZE*” encompasses variations such as
“AMAZE12345”, “AMAZE 123456”, and other transaction descriptors that begin with “AMAZE”.
f) Any other transactions that UOB may exclude from time to time without prior notice to you.
22. UNI$10 on Overseas Spend, Petrol Spend and Contactless Transactions
(i) Overseas Spend
You will earn UNI$10 per S$5 spend overseas or online in foreign currencies (including card-not-
present transactions in foreign currencies like e-commerce/mail/phone order transactions)
successfully carried out on and charged to the Card (the “Overseas Spend”). This is subject to a
minimum Overseas Spend equivalent to S$1,000 per statement period based on prevailing foreign
exchange rates as determined by UOB, but excluding the Excluded Transactions.
Card transactions made overseas but effected in Singapore dollars will be treated as transactions
in Singapore dollars and will earn UNI$1 per S$5 spend. Online transactions effected in Singapore
dollars or in foreign currencies at merchants with payment gateway in Singapore will also earn
UNI$1 per S$5 spend.
(ii) Petrol Spend
You will earn UNI$10 per S$5 spend on petrol (excluding SPC Service Stations with effect from 30
November 2019 and Shell Service Stations) successfully carried out on and charged to the Card
(the “Petrol Spend”), provided that the merchant falls under 5541 and 5542 of the Merchant
Category Code (MCC).
(iii) Contactless Transactions
You will earn UNI$10 per S$5 spend on Contactless Transactions (excluding at UOB$ merchants
up till 31 Oct 2024, w.e.f. 1 Nov 2024 contactless transactions at UOB$ participating merchants will
count as Contactless Transactions) successfully carried out on and charged to the Card.
“Contactless Transactions” refers collectively to: (i) Card Transactions that are performed using
the Card via Visa payWave; and (ii) Card Transactions made via Apple Pay, Google Pay, Samsung
Pay, Android Pay and UOB Mighty (or such other mobile payment services as UOB may from time
to time approve at its sole discretion), that is effected at any Visa payWave Readers, either by
tapping or waving the Card or mobile device against the Visa payWave Readers. For the avoidance
of doubt, Contactless Transactions exclude Magnetic Secure Transmission transactions, SPC
transactions and UOB$ participating merchants (up till 31 Oct 2024, w.e.f. 1 Nov 2024 contactless
transactions at UOB$ participating merchants will count as Contactless Transactions).
With effect from 1 July 2025, Contactless Transactions shall also include Simplygo (ABT)
Transactions. Prior to 1 July 2025, Contactless Transactions exclude SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions.
(iv) “Visa payWave Readers” refers to any point of sale device or point of sale terminal (as approved
by UOB in its sole and absolute discretion from time to time) at which the Card may be used to
execute Card Transactions, ether by tapping or waving the Card or mobile device against such
reader without requiring any signature, PIN or other authentication on the part of the Cardmember.
Any usage of a Card at any Visa payWave Readers, if permitted by UOB, shall be subject to such
terms and condition as UOB and Visa Worldwide Pte. Ltd. may agree from time to time.
The Card may be used to carry out any Contactless Transactions at all Visa payWave Readers and
at such other readers or systems as UOB may from time to time approve. The first Contactless
Transaction on a Card shall be subject to such activation and authentication procedures as UOB
may in its sole and absolute discretion prescribe from time to time.
For the avoidance of doubt, Magnetic Secure Transmission transactions are excluded as it sends
a magnetic signal from your device to the payment terminal's card reader to emulate swiping a
physical card and is not considered a local Visa payWave transaction.
To earn UNI$10 per S$5 spend on Petrol Spend and/or Contactless Transactions, you are subject
to a combined minimum spend of S$1,000 in Singapore dollars, per statement period, but excluding
the Excluded Transactions. SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions will be treated as transactions in
Singapore dollars and count towards the minimum spend of S$1,000 per statement period.
The combined awarding of UNI$10 per S$5 spend on Overseas Spend, Petrol Spend and
Contactless Transactions is subject to a cap of UNI$4,000, per statement period. The UNI$10
3consists of the basic UNI$1 earned plus an additional of 9 bonus UNI$. The bonus UNI$ will be
credited to you, the qualified principal Cardmember, in the following statement period. UOB will not
be liable for any late transaction postings affecting your eligibility to qualify for the bonus UNI$.
For new Visa Signature Cardmembers whose Card was approved on or after 1 July 2025, a revised
rewards structure, as stated below under [NEW] shall apply immediately from the card approval
date:
[NEW]
• To earn UNI$10 per S$5 spend on Petrol Spend and/or Contactless Transactions, you
are subject to a combined minimum spend of S$1,000 in Singapore dollars on Petrol
Spend and/or Contactless Transactions per statement period, but excluding the
Excluded Transactions. SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions will be treated as transactions
in Singapore dollars and count towards the minimum spend of S$1,000 for Petrol
Spend and/or Contactless Transactions per statement period. The awarding of
UNI$10 per S$5 spend on Petrol Spend and/or Contactless Transactions is subject to
a cap of UNI$2,400, per statement period.
• To earn UNI$10 per S$5 spend on Overseas Spend, you are subject to a minimum
spend of S$1,000 in Singapore dollars on Overseas Spend per statement period, but
excluding the Excluded Transactions. The awarding of UNI$10 per S$5 spend on
Overseas Spend is subject to a cap of UNI$2,400, per statement period.
• The UNI$10 consists of the basic UNI$1 earned plus an additional of 9 bonus UNI$.
The bonus UNI$ will be credited to you, the qualified principal Cardmember, in the
following statement period. UOB will not be liable for any late transaction postings
affecting your eligibility to qualify for the bonus UNI$.
• Petrol Spend/ Contactless Transactions and Overseas Spend are treated as separate
categories. Each category has its own minimum spend requirements and separate
bonus UNI$ cap.
For existing UOB Visa Signature Cardmembers whose Card was approved before 1 July 2025, the
[NEW] rewards structure shall apply commencing from their September 2025 statement.
3. Complimentary Travel Insurance
You must charge the entire fare for travel on Public Conveyance (limited to air, land or water
conveyance which is duly licensed for the regular transportation of fare-paying passengers but shall
exclude any hired or rental car or any conveyance operated for the purpose of amusement or
entertainment) in advance of the scheduled departure time to your Card to qualify for the complimentary
travel insurance (the “Travel Insurance”). Wef 1 Jan 2021, you will be required to apply to activate your
Travel Insurance coverage for your Card at least 5 working days before your trip. Click here to activate.
Your Travel Insurance coverage has the following benefits:
(i) Travel Personal Accident Insurance of up to S$500,000
Covers accidental death or disablement whilst on public conveyance:
▪ S$500,000 for you.
(ii) Emergency Medical Assistance, Evacuation and Repatriation:
▪ Up to S$50,000 for you.
The above information is not a contract of insurance. The specific terms, conditions and exclusions
applicable to this Travel Insurance are set out in the Insurance Certificate and Agreement which is the
operative document. The Insurance Certificate and Agreement will be issued to you upon acceptance
of the policy. Click here for the Insurance Certificate. Terms, conditions and exclusions apply. You
should seek advice from a qualified advisor or call the insurance firm directly if in doubt.
44. General
(i) UOB reserves the right to substitute the UNI$ with another gift of similar value at its sole discretion.
In the event the UNI$ awarded is in decimal points, the final UNI$ awarded for each transaction will
be rounded down to the nearest whole figure.
(ii) You will be awarded with UOB$ on transactions made at UOB$ merchants. With effect from 1
November 2024, both UNI$ and UOB$ will be awarded for transactions made at UOB$ merchants.
(iii) Adjustments will be made to the UNI$ if there is any unposted, voided, cancelled, disputed and/or
reversed transactions including those arising from returned goods or services, billing disputes, or
any other reason at the sole and absolute discretion of UOB.
(iv) Should your spending be deemed to be for commercial and/or non-personal purposes, UOB
reserves the right to refuse to award any UNI$ for such transactions. UOB reserves the right to
cancel and void any UNI$ awarded in your statement of account at any time if it deems that such
UNI$ was not earned from qualifying spend and you shall not be entitled to any compensation or
payment whatsoever.
(v) For the avoidance of doubt, spending incurred by Supplementary Cardmember(s) shall accrue to
the applicable Principal Cardmember(s) only unless otherwise stated.
(vi) To earn UNI$, your Card Account must be in good standing and cannot be cancelled for any reason.
In the event that your Card Account is delinquent, voluntarily or involuntarily closed or terminated
or suspended for any reasons whatsoever before the UNI$ is awarded into such Card Account,
such UNI$ earned shall be forfeited and you shall not be entitled to any compensation or payment
whatsoever.
(vii) UOB shall not be responsible for (i) any failure or delay in the transmission of card transactions by
Mastercard/Visa/Unionpay/JCB/CUP/American Express, acquiring merchants for the foregoing,
merchant establishments, postal or telecommunication authorities or any other parties which may
result in a transaction made by you being omitted for UNI$; or (ii) any breakdown or malfunction
in any computer system or equipment.
(viii) UOB shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any loss, expenses, delays, mistake, neglect
or omission in the transfer or transmission or posting of card transactions or the UNI$.
(ix) UOB’s decision on all matters relating to your Card Account shall be final, conclusive and binding
and no payment or compensation will be given or paid by the Bank to any person. The Bank shall
not be obliged to give any reason or enter into any correspondence with any person on any matter
relating to its decision.
(x) UOB reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion and at any time and without giving prior
notice or any reason, to vary, amend, add or delete any of these Terms without assuming any
liability to any person. Should you continue to use the Card after the change takes effect, you shall
be deemed to have accepted the change without reservation.
(xi) These Terms supplement, are to be read together with and form an integral part of the UOB
Cardmembers Agreement. Full terms and conditions of the UOB Cardmember Agreement and
other UOB Rewards will apply and you agree to be bound by such terms and conditions upon
receipt or acceptance of or signing on or use of the Cards. Please visit uob.com.sg for full details.
In the event of any inconsistency between these Term and the UOB Cardmembers Agreement,
these Terms shall prevail in relation to any matter concerning the Card. These Terms shall prevail
over any advertising, promotional, publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials relating to or
in connection with the Card.
(xii) Whilst all information is believed to be correct at the time of publishing, UOB makes no
representation or warranty whether expressed or implied, and accepts no responsibility or liability
for its completeness or accuracy.
5(xiii) A person who is not a party to any agreement governed by the Terms shall have no rights under
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B) to enforce any term of such agreement.
(xiv) The Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore and you agree to submit
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore.
Updated 28 October 2025 (Ver 2.1)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z
6