TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING DCS ULTIMATE PLATINUM CARD (THE "CARD“)
This document sets out the general terms and conditions governing the Card issued by us to you from
time to time. Please read them carefully before you sign or use the Card(s). Upon signing or using the
Card(s), you will be bound by the terms and conditions set out herein.
Definitions
Unless the context requires otherwise, the following words and expressions shall bear the following
meaning:
“Business Day” means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday and gazetted public holidays, on which
banks are open for business generally in (i) the place where any relevant Services are to be performed;
or (ii) the place where any relevant payment is to be received;
“Card” means the DCS Ultimate Platinum Card.
“Card Account” means any account in respect of the Card.
“Cardmember” means DCS Ultimate Platinum Cardmembers.
“Card Transaction(s)” means any retail transaction(s) (whether in Singapore or overseas) successfully
carried out on and charged to the Card Account by the Cardmember, and which is successfully captured
or posted on DCS’s systems, and excludes the Exclusions (as defined in Clause 9).
“Digital Payment Service” means any digital or other electronic payment or wallet service made
available from time to time for use by any Cardmember in connection with the Card enrolled with such
service for effecting payment or other transactions via any Enabled Device;
“Enabled Device” means a compatible mobile communications or other device associated with one or
more Cards issued to a Cardmember and successfully enrolled by the Cardmember for use in
connection with payment or other transactions through a Digital Payment Service;
“Event(s) of Default” means any event or circumstance specified under Clause 13 of these terms and
conditions;
“Instructions” mean the instructions (including Electronic Instructions) issued or to be issued by you to
us in furtherance of the transactions contemplated by these terms and conditions, and “to instruct” shall
be construed accordingly;
"Liabilities" mean all obligations, liabilities or monies whatsoever at any time now or hereafter owing,
due or incurred by you to us anywhere, on any account, or in connection with any Instructions or
otherwise, whether present or future, actual or contingent, solely or jointly and, including all principal
monies, interest, compound interest, charges, expenses, costs, fees or Taxes as may from time to time
be payable by you in connection therewith;
“Personal Data” means personal data (as defined under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012)
relating to you that you provide to us for the purpose of the Card Account or your Card or use of any
Digital Payment Service;
“Services” mean any and all products and services, from time to time, offered by us to you and any
other products and services agreed from time to time between the parties (provided we possess the
necessary licence(s) and authorisation(s) under applicable law to provide such products or perform
such services, if any);
"Taxes" means any present or future tax (including without limitation, any value added tax, goods and
services tax, consumption tax) levy, impost, duty, fee, deduction or withholding of any nature and by
whatever name called, by and on whomsoever wherever imposed, levied, collected, assessed or
withheld;
1“we / us / our / ourselves / DCS” means DCS Card Centre Pte. Ltd. and shall include our successors
and assigns.
“Website” means https://dcscc.com/.
“you / yourself” refers to you (whether alone or jointly with another person/persons), a Cardmember,
or if you are a partnership or other unincorporated entity consisting of two or more persons, these terms
and conditions shall be binding on your respective successors in title, executors and personal
representatives, as the case may be, and your liabilities hereunder shall be joint and several.
DCS ULTIMATE PLATINUM CARD
1. CARD REMAINS OUR PROPERTY
1.1 The Card remains our property at all times. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing,
we may at our absolute discretion request for the Card to be returned at any time, whereupon
you shall cut and return the Card, immediately to us, and cease all use of any Cards in any way.
2. CARD AND SECURITY PROCEDURE TERMS OF USE
2.1 The use of any Card shall be subject to these terms and conditions and to the compliance with
such requirements, limitations and procedures as may be imposed by any Digital Payment
Services providers from time to time as well as to the terms and conditions imposed by us from
time to time in relation to electronic services, facilities and transactions.
2.2 You must do all that is necessary to keep your Card safe and prevent fraudulent or unauthorised
access to or use of your Card and Card Account. You shall not use any Card (whether to effect
payment or otherwise) in relation to any transaction or activity which is illegal or prohibited
under the law of the country in which such transaction or activity is effected or takes place or
the law of your country of residence.
3. CREDIT LIMIT
3.1 We may set an overall Credit Limit in respect of each Card Account. The total charges incurred
under each Card Account by the Principal Cardmember and the Supplementary Cardmember(s)
when added together, must not exceed the Credit Limit set for each Card Account. We may,
where necessary, review and revise any of your Credit Limits without notice.
3.2 The Principal Cardmember may allocate a part of the Credit Limit to the Supplementary
Cardmember, which shall revert to the pre-set limit set by the Principal Cardholder at the expiry
of each statement cycle, provided always that the Credit Limit of the Principal Cardholder shall
not be exceeded for such period
3.3 We may choose to approve certain Card Transaction that would result in the Credit Limit being
exceeded. Notwithstanding any Credit Limit that may be set or imposed, we may, at our
absolute discretion, authorise or allow any Card Transaction even though such Card
Transaction may exceed, or would as a consequence exceed the Credit Limit or refuse to
authorise or approve any Card Transaction even though the Credit Limit has not been and
would not be exceeded if such Card Transaction had been effected.
3.4 We may charge or debit the relevant Card Account (whether before or after the termination of
the use of any or all Cards) the amount of each and every Card Transaction made or effected,
including all Card Transactions made or effected via any Enabled Device, and/or where any
Card has been enrolled on multiple Enabled Device, and in each instance, whether by you or
any other person (whether with or without your knowledge or authority) and notwithstanding
that the balance due to us on the Card Account may as a consequence of any such charge or
debit exceed the Card Account.
24. CARD TRANSACTIONS IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES AND TRANSACTIONS PROCESSED
OVERSEAS
4.1 Card Transactions in foreign currencies other than US Dollars will be converted into US Dollars
before being converted into Singapore Dollars. Card Transactions in US Dollars shall be
converted to Singapore Dollars on the date of conversion. All conversions are subject to such
exchange rate at such time as may be determined by the respective card association(s), namely
Mastercard and UnionPay International at its absolute discretion. The conversion rate applied
is based on the Posting Date of the Card Transaction to the Card Account which may be
different to the rate in effect on the date of the Card Transaction.
4.2 All foreign currency transactions (including reversals and refunds) will be subject to:
(a) administrative fee of 2.25% of the said amount (or such fee as DCS may determine from
time to time) for all Cards; and
(b) charge of up to 1% on the converted Singapore Dollar amount by the respective card
associations.
4.3 If the Cardmember has chosen to convert the overseas Card Transaction (including online Card
Transactions) into Singapore Dollars at the point of payment via dynamic currency conversion
(a service offered at certain overseas ATMs and merchants), or the transaction is in Singapore
Dollars but processed by an overseas merchant (including online Card Transactions), the
Cardmember acknowledges that the process of conversion and exchange rates applied will be
determined by the relevant ATM operator, merchant or dynamic currency conversion service
provider, as the case may be. Where the overseas Card Transaction has been converted via
dynamic currency conversion:
(a) all card transactions (including reversals and refunds) in Singapore Dollars but processed
overseas will be subject to an administrative fee of up to 1%; and
(b) DCS may charge, credit and debit, as may be appropriate, all sums payable to DCS under
this Agreement to the Card Account.
5. CASHBACK
5.1 Subject to the terms and conditions herein, every Card Transaction is eligible for a 2%
Cashback up to a monthly spend of S$10,000 (capped at S$200 cashback per calendar month).
5.2 For the avoidance of doubt, any Card Transaction incurred by a Supplementary Cardmember
shall accrue to the respective principal Cardmember and form part of the Card Transactions,
eligible to receive the Cashback to be credited to the principal Cardmember’s Card Account.
5.3 The Cashback is in Singapore Dollars, and is computed on a full calendar month basis, rounded
up to the nearest two (2) decimal places for every eligible Card Transaction, based on the total
amount of Card Transactions charged to the Card Account. The Cashback shall be credited to
your SoA statement within the same month and, where applicable, shall be applied to offset
against billed amount.
5.4 We reserve our right to make any adjustments to the Cashback should there be any unposted,
voided, cancelled, disputed and/or reversed Card Transactions including those arising from
returned goods or services, billing disputes, or any other reason at our absolute discretion.
5.5 We reserve our right to reject any request for and appeals against the Cashback adjustments
at our absolute discretion without ascribing any reason therefor and may or may not
communicate with you concerning such adjustments.
35.6 We reserve the right at our absolute discretion to determine, vary, or amend the eligible Card
Transactions, the Cashback earned and/or to be credited, without ascribing any reason or prior
notice or assuming any liability to you.
5.7 If we determine at our absolute discretion that you are not eligible to receive the Cashback,
then we may forfeit the award of the Cashback; or if already awarded, deduct from the Card
Account and/or any of your accounts with us, and/or recover the same from you.
5.8 For the avoidance of doubt, the Cashback awarded is not transferable and not exchangeable
for cash, credit, goods and services, products, privileges or other kind in full or in part.
6. INSTRUCTIONS
6.1 Instructions once issued are treated as irrevocable.
6.2 Instructions from you may be given either orally (via telephone or otherwise) or in writing (which
expression shall include postal communication, facsimile / telefax / electronic mail and any form
of electronic communication).
6.3 We may rely on oral or written Instructions which we believe to be given by you or any person
authorised by you without verifying the identity of the person purporting to give such Instructions.
Where any Instruction is ambiguous or inconsistent with any other Instruction, we shall be
entitled to rely on and act in accordance with any reasonable interpretation thereof which we
believe in good faith to be the correct interpretation. You shall not hold us liable in any way for
acting on inconsistent, ambiguous or incomplete Instructions and you shall indemnify us for any
loss and expenses (including legal fees) in reliance thereof.
6.4 We shall not be liable to you for acting upon any Instructions which we believe to be
communicated or purportedly communicated by you or any person authorised by you to us over
the telephone or in writing and signed or purportedly signed by you or any person authorised
by you or given or transmitted purportedly or given or transmitted by facsimile / telefax /
electronic mail notwithstanding that it is subsequently shown that such Instruction was not given
by you or by any person authorised by you. Any risk of misunderstanding, any error or loss
resulting from Instructions given by unauthorised persons or any error loss or delay resulting
from the use of the post / facsimile / telefax / electronic mail are entirely your risk for which we
shall not be liable for.
6.5 You are aware that signatures on facsimile / telefax / electronic mail Instructions may be
superimposed fraudulently or without proper authority when transmitted to us and you shall give
us facsimile / telefax / electronic mail Instructions assuming such risks. We shall not be held
liable for any losses, damages, expenses, claims or liabilities suffered by you as a result of our
reliance upon facsimile / telefax / electronic mail Instructions so long as the signatures
appearing on such facsimile / telefax / electronic mail Instructions appear on verification to be
or purport to be in accordance with your specimen signature or the specimen signature of any
person authorised by you.
6.6 We shall be entitled to record all telephone conversations and Instructions relating to each Card
Transaction and these terms and conditions. In this connection, you agree that we shall be
entitled to use such recordings and transcripts thereof as evidence in any dispute.
6.7 In addition, we shall be entitled, but not obliged, to perform a call back to your registered
telephone number with us to confirm any Instructions received by us. If we are unable to
successfully perform the call back, we may elect not to act on the Instructions received.
6.8 In consideration of us so doing or acting in accordance with these terms and conditions, you
shall indemnify us and keep us indemnified against all demands, claims, liabilities, losses,
actions, proceedings, damages, costs, and expenses incurred or sustained of whatsoever
nature and howsoever arising, out of or in connection with any such communication or facsimile
/ telefax / electronic mail Instructions or the acting upon or carrying out of such communication
4or facsimile / telefax / electronic mail Instructions or the taking of steps in connection with or in
reliance upon any such communication or facsimile / telefax / electronic mail instructions and
you shall reimburse us any sums on demand.
7. CASH ADVANCES
7.1 Subject to the terms and conditions and the applicable fee, you may obtain a cash advance up
to the limit determined by us from time to time, at any automated teller machine outside
Singapore, displaying the logo of Mastercard or UnionPay International.
8. STATEMENTS OF ACCOUNTS
8.1 We will furnish you with statements of account (the “SoA”) at monthly intervals or at such
intervals as we may prescribe. The SoA may be on paper or in electronic form. You agree to
verify the correctness of all details contained in each SoA and to notify us within fourteen (14)
days from the date of such SoA of any discrepancies, omissions or errors therein. Upon expiry
of this period, the details in the SoA shall be conclusive against you except as to the alleged
errors so notified but subject always to our right to correct any errors contained therein at any
time notwithstanding such acceptance by you.
9. EXCLUSIONS
9.1 The following transactions shall not be deemed as Card Transactions and do not qualify to earn
any Cashback (collectively referred to as the “Exclusions”):-
(a) Annual fees;
(b) Service charges and/or late payment charges;
(c) All disputed charges unresolved as at DCS’ processing date of the monthly SoA during the
promotion period;
(d) All debit and credit journal entries;
(e) Casino/access charges and/or cheque encashing charges;
(f) Stolen/lost/fraud Card charges;
(g) AXS bill payments;
(h) Road Tax payment;
(i) All transactions at LTA;
(j) All transactions at Singapore Post;
(k) 0% Interest-free Instalment Payment Plan (also known as BNPL, or Buy-Now- Pay-Later);
(l) ReadyCA$H;
(m) DCA$H;
(n) Balance transfer;
(o) Transactions made with Esso Fleet Card (EFC);
(p) Cash advance transactions;
(q) Any transaction with transaction descriptions “AMAZE*”, “EZ-LINK*”, “IPAYMY*”,
“SIMPLYGO*”, “skrill.com*” and “TRANSIT*”
(r) Any transaction made with the following Merchant Category Codes (MCC):
MCC Description
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4829 Money Transfer
4900 Utilities – Electric, Gas, Water and Sanitary
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5960 Direct Marketing – Insurance Services
6010 Financial Institutions – Manual Cash Disbursements
6011 Financial Institutions – Automated Cash Disbursements
6012 Financial Institutions – Merchandise, Services, and Debt Repayment
6050 Quasi Cash - Member Financial Institution
56051 Non-Financial Institutions –Foreign Currency, Non-Fiat Currency (for
example: Cryptocurrency), Money Orders (Not Money Transfer),
Account Funding (not Stored Value Load), Travelers Cheques, and
Debt Repayment
6211 Security Brokers/Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting, and Premiums
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers
6540 Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Cleaning, Maintenance, and Janitorial Services
7523 Parking Lots, Parking Meters and Garages
7800 Government-Owned Lotteries (US Region only)
7801 Government Licensed On-Line Casinos (On-Line Gambling) (US Region
only)
7802 Government-Licensed Horse/Dog Racing (US Region only)
7995 Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-Track
Betting, Wagers at Race Tracks and games of chance to win prizes of
monetary value
8062 Hospitals
8211 Elementary and Secondary Schools
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools, and Junior Colleges
8241 Correspondence Schools
8244 Business and Secretarial Schools
8249 Vocational and Trade Schools
8299 Schools and Educational Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
8398 Charitable Social Service Organizations
8651 Political Organizations
8661 Religious Organizations
9211 Court Costs, Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
9402 Postal Services – Government Only
9405 U.S. Federal Government Agencies or Departments
9406 Government-Owned Lotteries (Non-U.S. region)
9.2 The Cashback will not be awarded to any transactions that DCS deems to be
corporate/commercial transactions.
9.3 We reserve the right at our sole and absolute discretion to determine, vary, or amend the list
set out above from time to time without any prior notice or giving any reason or being liable to
any party.
9.4 For the avoidance of doubt, any Cashback earned cannot be used to offset or to settle any
Exclusions.
10 ASSIGNMENT
10.1 These terms and conditions shall be binding on you and us, and our respective successors in
title and assigns. These terms and conditions shall also continue to be binding on you
notwithstanding any change in your name or constitution or our name and constitution, or the
6consolidation or amalgamation of you into or with any other entity, or any consolidation or
amalgamation we may enter into or with any other entity (in which case the terms shall be
binding on the successor entity).
10.2 You may not assign any of your rights hereunder with our express written consent.
10.3 We may assign any or all of our rights hereunder to any person we deem fit.
11 FORCE MAJEURE
11.1 We shall not be responsible or liable to you for:
(a) delays or failure in performance, whether foreseeable or not; and/or
(b) any losses, expenses or damages howsoever arising, whether foreseeable or not,
resulting from or due to any circumstances or causes whatsoever which are not within our
reasonable control.
11.2 Without prejudice to the generality of sub-clause 11.1 above, the following shall be regarded as
circumstances and/or causes beyond our reasonable control: - (1) flood, lightning, acts of God,
fire, earthquakes and other natural disasters (2) strikes, labour disturbances, lockouts, material
shortages, riots, acts of war (3) acts, restrictions, regulations bye-laws, prohibitions or measures
of any kind on the part of any governmental parliamentary or local authority or any governmental
regulations imposed after the fact (4) import or export regulations or embargoes (5) power
failure (6) acts or defaults of any telecommunications network operator (7) circumstances where
communications lines for the our computer systems (whether in Singapore or elsewhere)
cannot be used for reasons attributable to third party telecommunications carriers.
11.3 Our obligations, so far as affected by circumstance or causes beyond our reasonable control,
shall be suspended during the continuance of any delay or failure in performance so caused
and such delay or failure shall not be a breach of these terms and conditions.
12 TERMINATION
12.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of these terms and conditions and subject to us being fully
paid all monies now or later due payable actually or contingently whether under these terms
and conditions or otherwise howsoever, we may terminate the account at any time upon
(a) the occurrence of an Event of Default; or
(b) if we are prevented from or hindered or delayed by reason of any action of any state or
government agency or under any applicable law which makes it illegal or unlawful or
impossible for us to perform these terms and conditions.
12.2 Termination under these terms and conditions or any part thereof shall not discharge or affect
the liabilities accrued prior to the date of such termination and shall be without prejudice to any
Card Transaction outstanding as at the date of termination.
13 EVENTS OF DEFAULT
13.1 Each of the following shall be deemed to be an Event of Default: -
(a) the commencement, presentation, filing or institution by petition, application, order for relief
or otherwise of any bankruptcy, insolvency, composition, dissolution, reorganisation,
arrangement, liquidation or other analogous event relating to you under any applicable law;
(b) if you are insolvent or are unable to pay your debts as and when they fall due or if you
threaten to stop or stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of your debts, begin
negotiations or take such further steps with a view to deferring, rescheduling or re-
arranging all or any part of your indebtedness or make or propose to make a general
7assignment or composition for the benefit of your creditors or a moratorium is declared in
respect of all or substantially all your indebtedness;
(c) if you fail to pay any amount due under these terms and conditions or under any contract;
(d) if you fail to observe any condition or perform any obligation and such default continues
and remains unrectified after three (3) Business Days of our written notice to you to remedy
the same.
(e) any legal proceedings is instituted against you which in our opinion may materially affect
your ability to perform your obligations under these terms and conditions;
(f) any representation is or turns out to be incorrect or misleading in any material aspect;
(g) there is a material adverse change in your financial position which, in our reasonable
opinion, may affect your ability to perform your obligations under these terms and
conditions;
(h) if you (for individuals) shall become deceased, become bankrupt or incapacitated.
13.2 At any time if an Event of Default has occurred, we may elect, at our sole discretion, declare
that:-
(a) All contracts shall be terminated as of the date specified in such notice.
(b) All monies payable by you, whether actual or contingent, shall become immediately due
and payable; and/or
(c) Termination of our relationship and demand that you fully settle all your Liabilities with us.
14 CONSENT TO DISCLOSURE
14.1 You hereby expressly authorise and permit us and each of our officer, employees, agents,
contractors, service providers and each entity relevant to divulge, reveal, process or disclose
any or all of your Personal Data and any particulars, including but not limited to your information
relating to the Card, the Card Account and/or any transaction or dealings between you and DCS
(the “Permitted Purposes”):
(a) Process of your application for the Card, Services and products by us;
(b) Account opening and operations relating to the Card, establishing or revising a Credit Limit
and closing the Card Account, or facilitating, effecting, processing or providing any
Services in respect of or in connection with the Card, the Card Account and/or this
agreement;
(c) Enrolment and facilitation of the provision of any Digital Payment Services;
(d) Administration of loyalty and rewards programs (including the processing of redemption
vouchers, benefits or entitlements);
(e) Conducting checks with the Do Not Call Registry;
(f) Any merchant, bank or financial institution;
(g) Providing you with marketing, advertising and promotional information, materials or
documents we think may be of interest to you. We may disclose your Personal Data to
business partners (such as co-branders) for use in developing and marketing offers to you.
You have the right to opt out of receiving such marketing information. You can do so by
writing to us, telephoning us or sending an e-mail to us at our address or number on the
Website. If you do not exercise your right to opt out of receiving such marketing information,
8you will be considered to have consented to the receiving of such marketing information
and we may continue to provide such marketing information to you;
(h) Carrying out any proposed novation, assignment, transfer or sale of any of our rights or
obligations with respect to the Card Account or any facilities and Services available in
association with the Card, whether or not in connection with any financing or securitisation
we sponsor or undertake, including (i) for preliminary activities connected to any such
financing or securitisation, such as any due diligence, or any arrangement or structuring
thereof; (ii) any securitisation transaction involving the Card Account or any facilities and
Services available in association with the Card; (iii) any sales or purchase of any of our
rights or obligations with respect to the Card Account or any facilities and Services
available in association with the Card; (iv) any servicing, administration, collection,
perfection or enforcement, of any security interest or other right, in connection with the
Card Account or any facilities and Services available in association with the Card; and (v)
to allow relevant parties (including, without limitation, any actual or potential assignee,
transferee, trustee, security trustee, servicer or back-up servicer, transaction administrator
or bankruptcy-remote entity) and their professional advisers, consultants, agents and other
third party service providers (including, without limitation, lawyers, accountants, rating
agencies and servicing agents) connected with such financing or securitisation to carry
out their roles and responsibilities
(i) To any person or organisation participating in the provision of electronic or without
limitation other Services in connection with Services utilised by you, whether in Singapore
or elsewhere, for the purpose of the Services including but not limited to investigating any
alleged discrepancies or claims;
(j) To any third party printer, agent or storage or archival service provider (including but not
limited to any provider of microfilm service or any electronic storage, archival or recording
facility) for the purpose of making, printing, mailing, storing, microfilming and/or filing
personalised statements of accounts, labels, mailers or any other document or items on
which your name and/or other particular appears, or any data or record of any document
whatsoever;
(k) To the police or any other public officer conducting an investigation in connection with any
offence;
(l) To any government or regulatory agency or authority or the court of any competent
jurisdiction;
(m) To any entity of our group for risk management purposes, for monitoring credit exposure
of the group and centralisation of operations within the group, and for purposes in
connection with business planning, restructuring and strategy and for the purpose of
promoting products and services to you;
(n) To any credit bureau, as well as the members of such credit bureau of which DCS is a
member;
(o) To any assignees or transferees or prospective assignees or transferees of our credit
facilities, business and undertakings of such part thereof;
(p) To any person or entity participating in the merger/acquisition or proposed
merger/acquisition of DCS or its holding company with/by another company; and
(q) Any other person or entity at any time: -
(i) which DCS or any officer in good faith considers appropriate for any purpose in
connection with these terms and conditions; or
9(ii) where such particulars were inadvertently divulged, revealed or disclosed to or
accessed by such persons or entities through no wilful default of DCS or relevant officer.
15 YOUR LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY
15.1 You are responsible for all transactions made using the Card, and to ensure compliance with
all the terms herein and all the terms that apply to your Card Account and Services that may be
operated by or accessed using the Card.
15.2 You shall provide to us the information and documents we may need from time to time in
connection with the use of the Card, and cooperate with us (where applicable) in any
investigation or litigation in connection with the use of the Card.
15.3 You must keep the Card safe at all times and report to us as soon as you become aware, or
have reason to believe that the Card is lost or stolen, or there has been authorised use of the
Card or access to the Card Account and/or the Enabled Device. You shall also ensure that the
Card is not defaced, damaged, bent, modified or tampered with in any way.
15.4 If the Card or Enabled Device is lost or stolen, or if there has been unauthorised use of or
access to the Card Account and/or the Enabled Device, you shall be responsible for all
transactions made by anyone using the Card, unless you have taken all of the following steps
(in which event your Liability shall be limited to S$100.00):
(a) you have immediately notified us of the loss or theft or disclosure of the Card, Card
Account and/or the Enabled Device;
(b) you have taken all reasonable steps to help recover or stop the use of the Card;
(c) you have given us a police report or a legal document called a statutory declaration in
the form approved by us and any other document or information as we may require;
and
(d) you have established to our satisfaction that you have not by your own acts or
omissions (directly or indirectly) caused or contributed to the occurrence of the loss or
theft of the Card and/or the Enabled Device, or the disclosure of the Card Account, and
the loss or theft of the Card and/or the Enabled Device, or the disclosure of the Card
Account is not due to your negligence, fraudulent act or default.
15.5 You shall not be liable for the Transactions on the Card not authorised by you if you have
established to our satisfaction that the said Transactions were effected after you have duly
provided us the notification, and you have not acted fraudulently or negligently.
15.6 We may issue a replacement Card to you which will be on terms we stipulate.
15.7 If the lost or stolen Card is recovered, you must promptly cut the Card in half and (a) return the
same to us if so requested by us, or (b) dispose of it immediately as it cannot be used anymore.
16 AMENDMENTS
16.1 Without limiting any of our rights, we shall be entitled to amend, add to, vary or introduce new
terms in these general terms and conditions from time to time upon notice to you. Such
amendment, addition and variation shall take effect from the date stated in the notice, which in
most instances, shall be no less than thirty (30) days from the date of notice, save as the
changes are required in an emergency or where it is not practicable or reasonable to give such
an advance notice.
16.2 If you continue to use the Card under these terms and conditions, you shall be deemed to have
agreed to all amendments and/or variations without reservation.
1016.3 We may notify you of any changes to the terms and conditions by:
(a) publishing such changes in the statements of account to be sent to you;
(b) posting such changes on our Website;
(c) electronic mail or letter;
(d) publishing such changes in any newspapers; or such other means of communication
as we may determine at our absolute discretion from time to time.
17 ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING
17.1 You agree to provide any information as is necessary to verify your identity and do all things
necessary to enable us to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and “know-your-client”
laws and regulations. You agree that we shall be held harmless against any loss arising as a
result of any delay or failure to process any application or transaction if such information and
documentation as has been requested by us has not been provided by you.
18 CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT
18.1 The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act of Singapore shall not under any circumstances
apply to these terms and conditions and any person who is not a party thereto shall have no
right whatsoever under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act to enforce these terms and
conditions or any of its terms.
19 WAIVERS
19.1 No act, omission or forbearance by us or any of our employees shall constitute a waiver of our
rights unless the waiver is specified in writing by a director of DCS.
20 COMMUNICATIONS
20.1 You shall provide us with written notice of any change in your particulars.
20.2 Any statement, advice, confirmation, notice, demand and all other correspondence by us under
the terms and conditions (the "Correspondence”) shall be served on you:
(a) on you (or your personal representatives) personally;
(b) by sending it to you at your last address registered with us; or ;
(c) by telex / facsimile / electronic mail addressed in any such manner as aforesaid to your
telex / facsimile / electronic mail address last registered with us. The Correspondence
shall be deemed to have been delivered on the day it was delivered personally or
transmitted by telex / facsimile / electronic mail or if sent by post on the day following
posting.
21 SEVERABILITY
21.1 In the event of any conflict or inconsistency, either now or in the future, between these terms
and conditions and any applicable statute, rule, regulation, practice, constitution, custom, usage,
ruling or interpretation, the affected provision(s) of these terms and conditions shall be deemed
modified or superseded as the case may be and all other provisions of these terms and
conditions and the provision(s) so modified shall in all respects continue in full force and effect.
1122. GOVERNING LAW
22.1 The terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with
the laws of Singapore. However, we are at liberty to initiate and take actions or proceedings or
otherwise in Singapore or other jurisdictions as we deem fit. You hereby agree that where any
actions or proceedings are initiated in Singapore, you shall submit to the jurisdiction of the
Courts of Singapore.
23. OTHER CONDITIONS
23.1 No Club Rewards Points will be awarded for all transactions incurred on the Card.
23.2 You are not entitled to the Cashback, benefit and/or privileges if: -
(a) your Card Account is suspended, cancelled, closed or terminated;
(b) your Card Account is not in good standing or which, in our opinion, has not been
properly or satisfactorily conducted; or
(c) you are mentally unsound, facing legal incapacity or is incapable of handling your affairs,
passed away, are declared a bankrupt or any legal proceeding (or any threat) of any
nature is instituted against you(each an “Event” and collectively, the “Events”)
Should any of the above Events occur:
(i) before the Cashback is awarded into such Card Account, then such Cashback shall be
forfeited; or
(ii) after the Cashback is awarded into such Card Account, then we are entitled to deduct
from the Card Account and/or any of your accounts with us, or reclaim from you, the
amount of the Cashback awarded, and you shall not be entitled to any compensation
or payment whatsoever.
23.3 We shall not be responsible or liable for: -
(a) any failure or delay in the transmission or receipt of evidence of sale transactions by
Mastercard or UnionPay International, acquiring merchants, merchant establishments,
postal or telecommunication authorities, service providers or any other parties which
may result in a charge incurred or transaction made by you being omitted from being
posted to your Card Account and/or captured in our system during the spending or
qualifying or eligibility period or which may affect your eligibility to qualify for any of the
benefits and/or privileges stated herein;
(b) any losses, damages or otherwise suffered by any person if a person is unable to
perform his/her obligations under these terms and conditions, due directly or indirectly
to the failure of the merchant establishments, merchant acquirer, telecommunication
authorities or service provider, any machine or communication or computer system,
industrial dispute, war, Act of God, and/or anything outside our control.
23.4 We are not an agent of any merchant and as such, any dispute about the quality or service
standard of the goods and services offered by any merchant must be resolved directly with
them respectively. We assume no liability or responsibility in any manner whatsoever for the
acts or defaults of any merchant or defects in the goods and services offered by them, or for
any injuries, loss damage, costs or expenses in connection with or arising out of the redemption
or usage of the goods and services offered by any merchant.
23.5 Our decision on all matters relating to the Card, and on all matters pertaining to the Cashback,
award, benefits and privileges conferred by the use of the Card shall be final, conclusive and
binding on you. We reserve the right at any time, and from time to time at our absolute discretion
to withdraw, cancel or vary the Cashback, award, benefits and privileges conferred by the use
12of the Card without ascribing any reason therefor, and you shall not be entitled to any payment
or compensation whatsoever.
23.6 In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions and any advertising,
promotional, publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials relating to or in connection with
the use of the Card, the terms and conditions shall prevail.
24. CESSATION OF THE CARD
24.1 This Clause shall apply where we make a decision to cease the entire program or services in
relation to the Card such that these programs or services will no longer be available to any
cardholders of the Card (such decision to be made in our sole and absolute discretion) (the
"Cessation"). In the event of a Cessation, you hereby agree that the procedure in this Clause
shall govern the Cessation unless an alternative procedure has been published by us on our
website or notified to you by any other reasonable means.
24.2 We may notify you of the Cessation via any reasonable means, including via notifications on
our website. You shall make payment on any outstanding balance in your Card Account to us
within 30 days from the date of our notification on the Cessation.
24.3 Where you have funds remaining in the Card Account after all payments owing by you to us
have been made (the "Credit Balance"), we will transfer the whole of such Credit Balance to
another card account you have with us if such a card account exists. If you do not hold another
card account with us other than the Card Account, we will store the Credit Balance in a separate
account (or through any other arrangement as we may deem fit), following which the Credit
Balance will only be refunded to you upon your written request. Such written request must be
made within 30 days from the date of our notification on the Cessation. If we do not receive a
written request from you requesting for a refund of the Credit Balance within this 30-day period,
you are deemed to have waived any rights to recover or claim for the Credit Balance.
24.4 Any requests, claims, complaints or disputes from you in relation to the Cessation must be
made or notified to us in writing within 30 days from the date of our notification on the Cessation.
We shall not be liable or responsible in any way for any obligations or losses whatsoever in
relation to the Cessation after the aforementioned 30-day period.
Information is updated and correct as at 1 June 2025
13