Legal - Terms and Conditions | Trust Bank Singapore
Money
Save
Savings account
Spend
Freedom credit card
Link credit card
View all credit cards
Borrow
Instant loan
Balance transfer
Split hub
Insure
Travel insurance
Life insurance
TrustInvest
Stocks
Mutual funds
View all
Features
Super shiok exchange rates
Smart switch
Savings pots
Trust lock
Security
Rewards
Earn Linkpoints
Partner offers
Refer and earn
Trust+
Trust AI
Trust AI Ask
Trust AI Help
About
Who we are
What's new
Careers
Awards
Help
FAQs
Contact us
Download app
Trust Freedom Credit Card Key Facts Sheet
Table of contents
What's in it for you
How do I choose my reward mode?
How do I earn rewards?
Unlimited Cashback Mode
Bonus Cashback Mode
Stockback Mode
Miles Mode
Keeping you secure
Choose your repayment date
What happens if you already have another credit card by Trust?
Everything on fees and interest🚨 
What happens if you don’t pay in full? 
Calculation of minimum payment
Other important points
Table of contents
What's in it for you
How do I choose my reward mode?
How do I earn rewards?
Unlimited Cashback Mode
Bonus Cashback Mode
Stockback Mode
Miles Mode
Keeping you secure
Choose your repayment date
What happens if you already have another credit card by Trust?
Everything on fees and interest🚨 
What happens if you don’t pay in full? 
Calculation of minimum payment
Other important points
Everything on fees and interest🚨 
Annual fee charges
None! 
Cash advance fees
An 8% fee will be charged on any cash advance amount drawn that is over S$5 in value. Only applicable to main cardholders as supplementary cardholders cannot take out a cash advance. 
Card replacement fee
None! Normally it’s S$50 plus GST, but we are waiving this fee until further notice. 
ATM withdrawal fee charges
We won’t charge an ATM withdrawal fee when you get a cash advance on your Trust Freedom credit card or Standard Chartered ATMs. For overseas usage, you may also be able to get a cash advance depending on local regulation. If you’ve activated the overseas ATM withdrawal function on the Trust App and you use your Trust Freedom credit card overseas to withdraw cash: (a) The foreign currency withdrawal amount will be converted from US dollars into Singapore dollars at the foreign exchange rate provided by Visa with no fee from Trust (and if it’s not in US dollars, it’ll first be converted to US dollars). (b) We’ll process the Singapore dollar amount on your Trust Freedom credit card. The overseas ATM operator may charge a fee for overseas withdrawals. 
Foreign currency transactions
If you use your Trust Freedom credit card to pay in a foreign currency (or get a refund in a foreign currency), here’s what will happen: (a) The foreign currency amount will be converted from US dollars into Singapore dollars at the foreign exchange rate provided by Visa with no fee from Trust (and if it’s not in US dollars, it’ll first be converted to US dollars),(b) For a credit transaction, we’ll process the Singapore dollar amount on your Trust Freedom credit card and (c) For a refund, we’ll credit the Singapore dollar amount on your Trust Freedom credit card. Please remember that some transactions may be processed overseas even if displayed in Singapore dollars. We will consider these transactions as using your Trust Freedom credit card in a foreign currency. Check with the retailer if you’re not sure. 
Dynamic currency conversion (DCC)
If you use your Trust Freedom card to pay in a foreign currency (or get a refund in a foreign currency), here’s what will happen: (a) The foreign currency amount will be converted from US dollars into Singapore dollars at the foreign exchange rate provided by Visa with no fee from Trust (and if it’s not in US dollars, it’ll first be converted to US dollars),(b) For a credit transaction, we’ll process the Singapore dollar amount on your Trust Freedom credit card and (c) For a refund, we’ll credit the Singapore dollar amount on your Trust Freedom credit card. Please remember that some transactions may be processed overseas even if displayed in Singapore dollars. We will consider these transactions as using your Trust Freedom credit card in a foreign currency. Check with the retailer if you’re not sure. 
Late payment charges
If we do not receive the minimum payment by the due date, we will charge the main cardholder a late payment fee. The late payment charge is S$100, unless we say otherwise. If your statement includes any loan instalment, the late payment charge is S$200. Loan instalments are any of our products that involves periodic repayments charged to your credit card, including Instant Loan, Balance Transfer, Split Purchase, Split Statement and Visa Instalments (but excluding Debt Consolidation Plan). 
Interest-free credit period
The interest-free credit period is applicable for your purchases if you choose to make full payment. There is no interest-free credit period for cash advances, and interest accrues from the date the cash advance is posted until it’s paid off in full. 
Minimum payment due
If the minimum payment on your Trust Freedom credit card statement is not received by the due date, then the minimum payment due applicable is: (a) The greater of either S$50 or 1% of principal, plus (b) interest, fees and charges, and (c) any overlimit amount and past due amount. See below for calculation details. 
Interest for purchases
Effective Interest Rate (EIR): Charged per annum based on a 365-day year (minimum). If payment is not made in full by the due date, interest will be calculated daily from the respective transaction dates for all transactions until the date the payment is received. Please see below for EIR on in annual and daily terms. 
Transactions posted on or before 30 June 2026
Annual: 27.9% p.a. Daily: 0.077% 
Transactions posted from 1 July 2026
You will be assigned a personalised EIR, ranging from 18.9% to 29.9% p.a., or such other rate that we determine from time to time. Your personalised EIR will be reviewed and may be adjusted every 6 months. Your applicable EIR will be shown in the Trust App, and will apply to transactions posted during the relevant 6-month period. 
Interest for cash advance
Effective Interest Rate (EIR): Charged per annum based on a 365-day year (minimum). Interest will be calculated daily on the amount withdrawn from the posting date of the transaction until the date of full payment. 
Transactions posted on or before 30 June 2026
Annual: 27.9% p.a. Daily: 0.077% 
Transactions posted from 1 July 2026
You will be assigned a personalised EIR, ranging from 18.9% to 29.9% p.a., or such other rate that we determine from time to time. Your personalised EIR will be reviewed and may be adjusted every 6 months. Your applicable EIR will be shown in the Trust App, and will apply to transactions for amounts withdrawn during the relevant 6-month period. 
Payment order
If full payment is not received by Trust by the due date, we may apply prior payments we received to pay: (a) interest, (b) fees, (c) any balance (principal balance) shown on the statement with the balance attracting the highest interest rate paid off first, then (d) other balances, interest, and fees on the account not shown on the statement (in this order). 
Lost/stolen card liability
If you lose your Trust Freedom credit card, please notify us immediately by contacting us via the Trust App or by calling us at (+65) 313-87878 (313-TRUST). Your liability will be limited to S$100 if you comply with the section of our general terms on unauthorised transactions. 
Credit report
If the Trust Freedom credit card is your first product with us and if you wish to have a free credit report, you may get it within 30 days from the date of approval or rejection of your Trust Freedom credit card application via the Credit Bureau Singapore website (
www.creditbureau.com.sg
), or present the approval or rejection email and your NRIC/passport to the Credit Bureau Singapore office. 
What happens if you don’t pay in full? 
If you’ve only paid the minimum payment by the due date as provided in your statement, you must pay interest on the remaining unpaid amount. 
If we do not receive the full amount you owe, or the minimum payment, by the due date: (a) You must pay interest on the unpaid amount. See above for more details on interest rates, (b) You must pay any late payment charges. See above for more details on charges. In addition, we may stop you from charging further amounts to your Trust Freedom credit card. Not paying in full can negatively impact your credit rating and can affect your access to future loans from other lenders. We will also take action to collect any unpaid dues, including legal action if necessary. 
Calculation of minimum payment
The minimum payment is based on the amount of statement balance. Here’s the calculation: 
If your statement balance is less than S$50.00 – you must pay the statement balance If your statement balance is equal to or more than S$50.00 – you must pay (whichever is higher): (a) S$50.00, or (b) 1% of principal amount, plus the applicable minimum amount due for any loan instalments that you have with us*, plus any due interest, fees and charges, any past due and overlimit amount. 
*If you have any loan instalment products, the following will be charged as the minimum amount due for each month: 
3% of Instant Loan monthly principal instalment amount, 
3% of Split Purchase monthly principal instalment (created before 24 Apr 2025), or 1% of Split Purchase monthly principal instalment (created on or from 24 Apr 2025),
1% of Split Statement monthly principal instalment, 
1% of Trust Visa Instalment monthly payments, 
100% of Balance Transfer monthly minimum payment amount (before the end of the tenure), and 1% of the remaining Balance Transfer outstanding amount (for the last month of the tenure, or if you choose to repay before the last month),
100% of Debt Consolidation Plan monthly loan instalment amount. 
Other important points
1. Rewards refer to the different types of rewards you can earn on your Trust Freedom credit card account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Freedom credit card product terms. Rewards earned cannot be transferred or withdrawn as cash. Cashback earned can only be used to offset your outstanding balance. Rewards values are rounded to the nearest 2 decimal places. For example, if you make an Eligible Spend of S$1.50 which gives you 1% cashback/stockback, then you will receive cashback/stockback value of S$0.02. 
2. Preferred categories for Bonus cashback reward mode: Transactions made on Trust Freedom card are categorized according to the Merchant Category Code (“MCC”), and the MCC determines which preferred category the transaction falls under. MCC is a four-digit number assigned to a merchant (the business/organisation you paid) by the merchant’s bank. Trust does not decide the merchant’s MCC. 🙏 
Dining 
MCC
Description 
5462 
Bakeries 
5499 
Miscellaneous Food Stores – Convenience Stores and Specialty Markets 
5811 
Caterers 
5812 
Eating Places and Restaurants 
5814 
Fast Food Restaurants 
Shopping 
MCC
Description 
4812
Telecommunication Equipment Including Telephone Sales
5137
Men’s, Women’s and Children’s Uniforms and Commercial Clothing
5262 
Marketplaces 
5309 
Duty Free Stores 
5310 
Discount Stores 
5311 
Department Stores 
5331 
Variety Stores 
5399 
Miscellaneous General Merchandise 
5611 
Men’s and Boys’ Clothing and Accessories Stores 
5621 
Women’s Ready-To-Wear Stores 
5631 
Women’s Accessory and Specialty Shops 
5641 
Children’s and Infants’ Wear Stores 
5651 
Family Clothing Stores 
5655 
Sports and Riding Apparel Stores 
5661 
Shoe Stores 
5681 
Furriers and Fur Shops 
5691 
Men’s and Women’s Clothing Stores 
5712
Equipment, Furniture and Home Furnishings Stores (except Appliances)
5732
Electronics Sales
5699 
Miscellaneous Apparel and Accessory Shops 
5940 
Bicycle Shops – Sales and Service 
5941 
Sporting Goods Stores 
5942
Book Stores
5944 
Jewellery Stores, Watches, Clocks, and Silverware Stores 
5946 
Camera and Photographic Supply Stores 
5947 
Gift, Card, Novelty and Souvenir Shops 
5948 
Luggage and Leather Goods Stores 
5977
Cosmetic Stores
Travel 
MCC
Description 
3000 – 3308 
Various Airlines 
3501 – 3839 
Various Hotels 
4411 
Steamship and Cruise Lines 
4511 
Airlines and Air Carriers (Not Elsewhere Classified) 
4582 
Airports, Flying Fields, and Airport Terminals 
4722 
Travel Agencies and Tour Operators 
4723 
Package Tour Operators – Germany Only 
5962 
Direct Marketing – Travel-Related Arrangement Services 
7011 
Lodging – Hotels, Motels, Resorts, Central Reservation Services (Not Elsewhere Classified) 
7012 
Timeshares 
7033 
Trailer Parks and Campgrounds 
Wellness 
MCC
Description
5912 
Drug Stores and Pharmacies 
5997 
Electric Razor Stores – Sales and Service 
7230 
Beauty and Barber Shops 
7297 
Massage Parlors 
7298 
Health and Beauty Spas 
7997 
Membership Clubs (Sports, Recreation, Athletic), Country Clubs, and Private Golf Courses 
8031 
Osteopaths 
8041 
Chiropractors 
8049 
Podiatrists and Chiropodists 
Transport 
MCC
Description
3351 – 3441 
Various Car Rentals 
4111 
Local and Suburban Commuter Passenger Transportation, Including Ferries 
4112 
Passenger Railways 
4121 
Taxicabs and Limousines 
4131 
Bus Lines 
4457 
Boat Rentals and Leasing 
4784 
Tolls and Bridge Fees 
4789 
Transportation Services (Not Elsewhere Classified) 
5521 
Car and Truck Dealers (Used Only) Sales, Service, Repairs, Parts, and Leasing 
5541 
Service Stations (with or without Ancillary Services) 
5542 
Automated Fuel Dispensers 
5552 
Electric Vehicle Charging 
5983 
Fuel Dealers – Fuel Oil, Wood, Coal, and Liquefied Petroleum 
7512 
Automobile Rental Agency 
7513 
Truck and Utility Trailer Rentals 
7519 
Motor Home and Recreational Vehicle Rentals 
7523 
Parking Lots, Parking Meters and Garages 
Entertainment 
MCC
Description 
4899 
Cable, Satellite and Other Pay Television/Radio/Streaming Services 
5733 
Music Stores – Musical Instruments, Pianos, and Sheet Music 
5735 
Record Stores 
5813 
Drinking Places (Alcoholic Beverages) – Bars, Taverns, Nightclubs, Cocktail Lounges, and Discotheques 
5815 
Digital Goods Media – Books, Movies, Music 
5816 
Digital Goods – Games 
5945 
Hobby, Toy, and Game Shops 
7832 
Motion Picture Theatres 
7841 
DVD/Video Tape Rental Stores 
7922 
Ticket Agencies and Theatrical Producers (Except Motion Pictures) 
3. Eligible Spend means Local Eligible Spend and Foreign Eligible Spend. 
Local Eligible Spend refers to all Visa transactions on your Freedom credit card in Singapore Dollars, and where the transaction is processed in Singapore, excluding ineligible transactions. 
Foreign Eligible Spend refers to all Visa transactions made on your Freedom credit card that are not in Singapore Dollars, or where the transaction is processed outside of Singapore (including transactions that are converted into Singapore dollars via Dynamic Currency Conversion (DCC)), excluding ineligible transactions. 
See our FAQs and Freedom credit card Product Terms for the list of ineligible transactions. 
4. You can’t change the starting month of each quarter after you have signed up. 
5
. Minimum monthly spend refers to required Eligible Spend in a calendar month to earn Bonus cashback on your preferred category. 
6. Eligible spend will be counted towards your minimum spend, based on your transaction date. Transaction date means the date the transaction is authorised/charged to your Trust Freedom credit card. For example, if the transaction is charged on 30th September but completed and posted on 2nd October 2024, the transaction is counted towards your September 2024 minimum monthly Spend. 
7. Information you see on ATMs about your account (if available), for example your balance, may not show the most up to date balance at that time. If you are unsure, you shouldn’t proceed with the withdrawal. 
8. The stocks or ETF that customers can choose for Stockback reward mode are US stocks or ETFs with fractional share trading supported that are displayed on the campaign page. 
This Key Facts Sheet is correct as at the date last updated. 
Last updated on: 21 September 2026, Version: 3
A partnership by
Products
Freedom credit card
Link credit card
View all credit cards
Savings account
Insurance
Instant loan
Balance transfer
Split hub
Stocks
Mutual Funds
View all investments
Features
Super shiok exchange rates
Smart switch
Savings pots
Trust lock
Security
Rewards
Earn Linkpoints
Partner offers
Refer and earn
Experiences
Trust+
About
Who we are
What's new
Careers
Awards
Trust AI
Trust AI Ask
Trust AI Help
Help
FAQs
Contact us
Download our app now.
© 
2026
 Trust | Co. Reg. No. 202039712G
Legal
Privacy
Cookie Policy
Announcements
Useful links
Report a vulnerability