United Overseas Bank Limited
Cards & Payments
Robinson Road P.O. Box 1111
Singapore 902211
Tel 1800 253 2288
uobgroup.com
Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING UOB VISA INFINITE METAL CARD
BONUS WELCOME GIFT PROMOTION & COMPLIMENTARY ALL ACCOR+
EXPLORER MEMBERSHIP
(20 JANUARY 2026 TO 31 MARCH 2026)
1. Definitions
Unless otherwise defined in these terms and conditions (the “Terms”), the following words and
phrases shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them:
1.1. “Additional Welcome UNI$” means the UNI$ described in clause 2.2.
1.2. “Annual Membership Fee” means the annual membership fee defined in the Terms and
Conditions for UOB Visa Infinite Metal Card.
1.3. “Bonus Welcome Gift” means Additional Welcome UNI$.
1.4. “Card” means UOB Visa Infinite Metal Card.
1.5. “Cardmember” means a principal or supplementary cardholder of a Card
1.6. Excluded Transactions” refers to:
(a) any cash advances and bill payments, tax payments, payments at government agencies,
insurance premiums, donations;
(b) fees, interest and charges, late payment charges, finance charges, instalment / personal
loan charges;
(c) balance and/or funds transfers;
(d) transactions relating to top-ups of any pre-paid card and/or mobile wallet (including but
not limited to Grab mobile wallet top-up transactions, YouTrip, EZLINK, TRANSIT LINK);
(e) transactions relating to money transfers and/or UOB Visa Infinite Payment Facility,
Instalment Payment Plans, UOB$ transactions (up till 31 Oct 2024, w.e.f. 1 Nov 2024
transactions at UOB$ merchants will count as Transactions);
(f) transactions or payments made to SPC service stations and Shell service stations;
(g) quasi-cash transactions (for example but not limited to transactions relating to money
orders, gambling related transactions);
(h) any payment made with the following Merchant Category Codes (“MCC”):
MCC Description
4829 Wire Transfer/Remittance
4900 Utilities
5199 Nondurable Goods
5960 Direct Marketing - Insurance Services
Singapore Australia Brunei Canada China France Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan
Malaysia Myanmar Philippines South Korea Taiwan Thailand United Kingdom USA VietnamMCC Description
Direct marketing –Combination Catalog and Retail Merchants
5965
(wef 1 Oct 2024)
5993 Cigar Stores and Stands (wef 1 Oct 2024)
6012 Member Financial Institution - Merchandise And Services
6050 Quasi Cash - Financial Institutions, Merchandise And Services
Quasi Cash - Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions - Foreign Currency,
6051
Non-Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities - Brokers And Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales/Underwrite
6513 Real Estate Agents & Managers - Rentals
6529 Quasi Cash - Remote Stored Value Load-Financial Institute Rentals
6530 Quasi Cash - Remote Stored Value Load-Merchant Rentals
6534 Quasi Cash - Remote Money Transfers
6540 Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Clean/Maint/Janitorial Serv Aka Property Management
7511 Quasi Cash - Truck Stop Trxns
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
Gambling - Betting, Including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips,
7995
Off-Track Betting, And Wagers At Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals (wef 1 Oct 2024)
8398 Organizations, Charitable And Social Service
8661 Organizations, Religious
8651 Organisations, Political
Organizations, Membership-Not Elsewhere Classified (Labor Union)
8699
(wef 1 Oct 2024)
8999 Professional Services (Not Elsewhere Classified) (wef 1 Oct 2024)
9211 Court Costs Including Alimony And Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail And Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payment
9402 Postal Services - Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases - Government Only
9399 Government Services - Not Elsewhere Classified
(i) any transactions made with the following transaction descriptions:
EZLINK* WWW.PLUS500.CO.UK
EZ-Link* PAYPAL * BIZCONSULTA
EZ Link* PAYPAL * OANDAASIAPA
WWW.MYEZLINK.COM.SG PAYPAL * CAPITALROYA
FlashPay ATU* Saxo Cap Mkts Pte Ltd
FlashPayATU* SKR*SKRILL.COM
MB* MONEYBOOKERS.COM WWW.IGMARKETS.COM.SG
OANDAASIAPA TRANSIT*
OANDA ASIA PAC AMAZE* TRANSIT*
PAYPAL *PLUS500.COM AXS Payment*
PLUS500 AXSPayment*
PLUS500UK LIMITED AXS-PAYMENT*
SKR*PLUS500CY LTD NETS VCASHCARD*
CITY INDEX SINGAPORE YOUTRIP.COM*
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026ZIPAYMY* RWS-LEVY*
SMOOVE PAY* SINGPOST-SAM*
RazerPay* NORWDS*
Amaze* (wef 1 Oct 2024)
(j) amounts which have been rolled over from any preceding month’s statement;
(k) any transactions that are subsequently cancelled, voided, disputed, or reversed for any
reason; and/or
(l) any other transaction as may be prescribed by the Bank from time to time without prior
notice or reason.
A merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature of business. The
MCCs are assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. UOB does not determine the merchants’
MCC. UOB shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating to the categorisation of a
merchant’s MCC.
1.7. “Local Card Transactions” refers to posted retail transactions successfully charged to a
Cardmember’s Card account in Singapore dollars and/or at merchants with payment gateway
in Singapore and shall exclude the Excluded Transactions.
1.8. “Overseas Card Transactions” refers to any posted retail transactions successfully charged
to a Cardmember’s Card account processed out of Singapore in a foreign currency (non-
Singapore Dollar denominated currency) and shall exclude the Excluded Transactions. For the
avoidance of doubt, transactions incurred overseas but are charged in Singapore dollars will
be treated as Local Card Transactions. Online transactions charged in Singapore dollars or in
foreign currencies at merchants with payment gateway in Singapore will also be treated as
Local Card Transactions.
1.9. “Promotion Period” means 20 January 2026 to 31 March 2026 (both dates inclusive).
1.10. “UOB” or “Bank” means United Overseas Bank Limited.
2. Promotion
2.1 This UOB Visa Infinite Metal Card Bonus Welcome Gift Promotion (the “Promotion”) is valid
during the Promotion Period.
2.2 If you have successfully applied for your Card and your Card is approved within the Promotion
Period, you shall be eligible to receive a one-time credit of the following UNI$ (“Additional
Welcome UNI$”):
2.2.1. For existing-to-card customers: UNI$7,500 (equivalent to 15,000 air miles). An
existing-to-card customer is defined as a customer who has an existing
principal credit card issued by UOB in Singapore at the time when the
application is approved.
provided you:
2.2.2. charge a minimum of S$4,000 (“Qualifying Amount”) on Local Card
Transactions and Overseas Card Transactions, excluding Excluded
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026ZTransactions (“Qualified Transactions”) within 30 days from your Card
approval date; and
2.2.3. make full payment of your Annual Membership Fee.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Additional Welcome UNI$ is awarded in addition to the
Welcome Gift of UNI$12,500 (equivalent to 25,000 air miles) as is defined in and which is
awarded to Cardmembers subject to the Terms and Conditions for UOB Visa Infinite Metal Card.
2.3 The first 100 existing-to-card customers who fulfil the requirements under clause 3, as
principal Cardmember, shall be additionally eligible to receive a complimentary ALL Accor+
Explorer Membership, valid for a 12-month period.
2.4 Spending incurred by supplementary Cardmember(s) shall accrue to the applicable principal
Cardmember(s) and go towards computing the Qualified Transactions.
2.5 The Qualifying Amount will be based on the relevant transaction date. Transaction date refers
to the date the transaction was successfully posted to the Cardmember’s Card account, as
reflected on the Cardmember’s statement.
2.6 The Additional Welcome UNI$ will be credited two months after your Annual Membership Fee
is posted. UNI$ will be credited within the first seven (7) working days of the month.
2.7 The Bonus Welcome Gift is not transferable or exchangeable (whether in part or in full) for
cash, credit or otherwise.
2.8 No payment or compensation whether in cash, credit or kind shall be made for any Bonus
Welcome Gift which has expired or is lost, stolen, been tampered with, misdirected or
damaged, or which has been forfeited (as the case may be).
2.9 If, at any time, the Bank determines at its sole and absolute discretion that any of the eligibility
criteria to receive the Bonus Welcome Gift was not or has not been complied with, UOB
reserves the right to recover, revoke or forfeit all or any part of the Bonus Welcome Gift.
2.10 The Bank reserves the right, at its discretion, at any time, without notice or assigning any
reason thereof, to replace or substitute any of the Bonus Welcome Gift with any other gift of
equal value selected by UOB in its sole discretion.
2.11 Sending and receiving SMS is dependent on an SMS vendor, an independent
telecommunication authority or service provider or such other third party which is engaged by
UOB for the Promotion and UOB shall not be responsible or liable for any undelivered, lost, or
delayed SMS sent to and/or received by you. You shall pay and be solely responsible for all
fees and charges imposed by their service providers for the sending and/or receipt of any SMS
in connection with the Promotion. An SMS sent which is not the prescribed format, sent to an
incorrect number, or sent from a non-UOB registered mobile number will not be accepted and
will be void.
3. Complimentary ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership
3.1 In order to be eligible for the complimentary ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership referred to in
clause 2.3, you must first receive a dedicated email or SMS from UOB about this Promotion.
You must then send an SMS (“ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership SMS”) as instructed in the
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Zdedicated email or SMS, to the Bank, within the Promotion Period, using your Singapore
mobile number in the Bank’s records, in the prescribed format below:
“vimaccor [space] last 4 digits of your NRIC” to 77862.
3.2 ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership SMSes which are sent to an incorrect number, sent from a
mobile number which is not registered in Singapore with UOB, sent by the supplementary
cardholder of the Card, sent outside of the prescribed timeframe, or are not sent in the
prescribed format, will, in each case, be null and void.
3.3 If you are one of the first 100 existing-to-card customers who has sent the ALL Accor+ Explorer
Membership SMS to the Bank as per clause 3.1 and has successfully applied for a Card which
is approved during the Promotion Period, you will be eligible for the complimentary ALL Accor+
Explorer Membership.
3.4 If you are eligible for the complimentary ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership, a member of our
sales team will reach out to you via your mobile number as per Bank’s records (or through
such other mode of communication as UOB may determine in its sole discretion), with
instructions on how to activate your complimentary membership.
3.5 Upon being informed of your eligibility for the complimentary ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership,
you are then required to register for this membership directly with ALL Accor+ Explorer via this
dedicated link www.accorplus.com/sg/uob (the “ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership
Registration”) and follow the instructions in the communications sent by UOB to you, as
referred to in clause 3.4, to activate and access your membership. Upon successful
submission of your ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership Registration, ALL Accor+ Explorer will
send you an email confirmation to confirm your registration (the “Accor Email Confirmation”)
within 2 business days. The Accor Email Confirmation will contain details as to how you can
access your digital ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership Card and the benefits arising thereunder.
3.6 The complimentary ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership will be issued in the name of the
principal Cardmember only.
3.7 The complimentary ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership is only valid for a period of 12 months
commencing from the date of your ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership Registration (the
“Complimentary Membership Term”). Upon expiry of the Complimentary Membership Term,
your ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership will be automatically renewed, subject to the prevailing
eligibility criteria for renewal of your membership as determined by ALL Accor+ Explorer, at
your own cost and expense. You can opt out of this automatic renewal up to 48 hours before
the automatic renewal date.
3.8 ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership privileges will only be granted on presentation of a valid
digital ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership card issued to the principal Cardmember, or a valid
ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership card number.
3.9 ALL Accor+ Explorer shall have the right to suspend or terminate a principal Cardmember’s
access to the complimentary ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership at any time pursuant to the
ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership Rules (as defined below). Without prejudice to the foregoing,
the Bank reserves the right to instruct ALL Accor+ Explorer to terminate your complimentary
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026ZALL Accor+ Explorer Membership if you cease to be a Cardmember or your Card account is
not in good standing at any time during the Complimentary Membership Term.
3.10 The ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership and all services and products provided in connection
thereto shall be governed by and subject to the prevailing terms and conditions as may be
imposed by ALL Accor+ Explorer from time to time (the “ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership
Rules”). The ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership Rules are accessible via
https://www.accorplus.com/sg/about/terms-and-conditions. In the event of any inconsistency
between these Terms and the ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership Rules, the ALL Accor+
Explorer Membership Rules will prevail to the extent of any such inconsistency where it relates
to the ALL Accor+ Explorer Membership unless otherwise stated herein.
4. General
The General Terms and Conditions Governing Promotions set out in Appendix 1 will apply to this
Promotion and form an integral part of these Terms.
Appendix 1
General Terms and Conditions Governing Promotions
1. The following persons shall not be eligible to participate in the Promotion:
(a) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are voluntarily or involuntarily suspended,
cancelled, closed, or terminated at any time;
(b) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are not active, valid, subsisting or in good
standing or delinquent or unsatisfactorily conducted as may be determined by UOB at
its sole discretion;
(c) individuals who are mentally unsound, facing legal incapacity or are incapable of
handling their affairs, deceased, insolvent, bankrupt or have any legal proceedings (or
any threat) of any nature instituted against them; or
(d) anyone whom UOB may decide to exclude, at its sole discretion, without any reason
or prior notice at any time.
2. UOB will not be liable or responsible for any injury, loss, or damage whatsoever or for any
charge, cost or expense of any kind whatsoever suffered or incurred as a result of or in
connection with the redemption or usage of the Bonus Welcome Gift or participation in this
Promotion. Without limiting the foregoing, UOB will not be liable or responsible for any
undelivered, misdirected, corrupted, lost, or delayed text, transmission or transaction or any
delay or failure in posting any transaction, howsoever caused.
3. UOB has the absolute right and unfettered discretion to make decisions on all matters relating
to or in connection with the Promotion, including but not limited to the determination of whether
you have met all the requirements of the Promotion. UOB’s decisions shall be final, conclusive,
and binding and no payment or compensation will be given. UOB shall not be obliged to give
any reason or prior notice or enter into any correspondence with any person on any matter or
decision relating to the Promotion.
4. If UOB determines that you are ineligible to participate in this Promotion or to receive the Bonus
Welcome Gift, UOB may in its sole discretion forfeit the Bonus Welcome Gift, reclaim the Bonus
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026ZWelcome Gift or charge to and debit an amount equal to the value of the Bonus Welcome Gift
from any of your accounts with UOB without prior notice to you. If the monies standing to the
credit of your accounts are insufficient to reimburse UOB, you shall immediately reimburse UOB
for the value of the Bonus Welcome Gift through such means as UOB may determine in its sole
discretion.
5. The Terms shall be read in conjunction with the prevailing UOB Cardmember Agreement,
Terms and Conditions for UOB Visa Infinite Metal Card, and UOB Rewards Programme and
any other terms that may be relevant in connection with this Promotion (collectively the
“Standard Terms”). In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Terms and the Standard
Terms, the Terms shall prevail to the extent of such inconsistency; and (ii) the Terms and any
advertising, promotional, publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials relating to or in
connection with the Promotion, the Terms shall prevail to the extent that such discrepancy
relates to this Promotion.
6. UOB may, at any time and at its discretion terminate the Promotion and/or amend any of the
Terms, and all persons shall be bound by such amendments.
7. Unless otherwise stated, this Promotion is not valid with other offers, privileges, or promotions.
8. By participating in this Promotion and in addition to any other consent you have already
provided to UOB and any right of UOB under applicable laws, you consent to UOB and the
necessary third parties collecting, using and disclosing your personal data for the purposes of
this Promotion and to contact you, including by voice call or text message.
9. A person who is not a party to the Terms shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of
Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce the Terms.
10. The Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore, and you shall be
deemed to have agreed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of
Singapore.
Version: January 2026
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z