fi
fi
fi4. agree:-
a. you may review and change my debit card limit at any time without prior notice to me;
b. in addition to the modes and manner you may send notices and communications to me under the Terms,
you may send notices and communications to me in any mode and manner you deem appropriate to my
last known address, facsimile, telephone/mobile phone number and/or electronic mail address in
your records;
c. the card applied for in this application (“Card”) will be renewed upon its expiry without further reference
to me unless the Card account(s) is terminated before that;
* d. the Card shall be linked to the savings/current account specified in this application form and all card
transactions and related fees and charges shall be debited from that account; and
5. consent and authorise you to conduct any credit check on me as you may require from time to time and to
obtain, verify and/or disclose any information relating to me including information and details of the Card
account(s), saving/current account(s), and transaction(s) from or to the parties set out in the terms relating to
your rights of disclosure under the Terms, including but not limited to any credit bureau, service providers and
their subcontractors, and any person you deem appropriate or necessary for this application or as may be
required by any applicable law;
6. confirm that I have read and understood the Bank’s Privacy Notice (Individual) (available at uob.com.sg and
the Bank’s branches) which forms part of the terms and conditions governing my relationship with the Bank.
I consent to the Bank collecting, using, and disclosing my personal data for Basic Banking Purposes, Research
Purpose and Marketing Purpose as described in the Bank’s Privacy Notice (Individual). I note that (a) I may
withdraw consent for any or all of the purposes at any time; (b) if I withdraw consent for Basic Banking
Purposes, the Bank may not be able to continue to provide the products and services to me; (c) if I withdraw
consent for Research Purpose and Marketing Purpose, my personal data will not be used for these purposes
unless I expressly and separately consent to the same again.
7. agree that, where the Card is a co-brand card (“Co-brand Card”), all personal data provided by me in this
application for the Co-Brand Card (if any) and information and details of my Co-Brand Card account(s) which
may be issued to me and transactions made thereunder may be shared by you with the respective co-brand
partner associated with the Co-Brand Card (“Co-Brand Partner”) to enable the Co-Brand Partner and its
agents and authorised service providers to collect, use and disclose my personal data to any person the
Co-Brand Partner deems appropriate or necessary for the purposes of:-
a. processing this application and providing services associated with the Co-Brand Card account;
b. offering, marketing or promoting any promotion or offer relating to the Co-Brand Card account;
c. administering any benefit, privilege and term applicable to the Co-Brand Card account;
d. offering, marketing or promoting any product and/or service provided by the Co-Brand Partner; and
e. conducting research or analysis relating to any product and/or service provided by the Co-Brand Partner,
whether conducted by the Co-Brand Partner(s) or jointly with any other party.
8. acknowledge and agree that you and the Co-Brand Partner (if any) will be separately collecting, using and
disclosing my personal data and each party shall only be responsible for its own collection, use or disclosure
of my personal data, and shall not be liable for the other party’s handling or use thereof. I agree to directly
a
d
d
a
d
ta
re
t
s
o
s
t
a
h
n
e
y
r e
q
l
u
ev
e
a
ri
n
e
t
s ,
p
a
a
c
r
c
ty
e
.
ss or correction requests, or complaints in relation to the handling of my personal
9. acknowledge and agree that this application and all documents submitted to you including all verification
documents obtained by you will be retained by you; and
10. confirm and agree that if this application and any supporting document are sent or are purported to be sent
by me to you has been sent by email, you are authorized by me, but are not obliged, to rely and act upon on
the emailed copy sent by email without the original and without any liability to me.
I have read and understood the UOB Debit Card Declaration set out above. I affirm the said declaration and
agree to abide and be bound by the matters stated therein. Please note that this affirmation of declaration
is valid for 30 days.
Applicant’s Signature
Name:
NRIC / Passport No.:
Date:
ForForeigners:AcopyofPassport(withatleast6monthsvalidityandforallnationalities)isrequired.
Country you are currentlyresiding in or intendtoreside in, formorethan 1year(e.g. Singapore)
(DDMMYYYY) (DDMMYYYY)
For non-Singaporeans only
UOB Debit Cards Declaration (v8.3-19062026)
I hereby:
1. represent and warrant:-
a. that all information provided by me in this application and in any other document submitted to you is
# true, accurate and complete and if there is a change in the information provided or becomes inaccurate
in any way, I shall promptly notify you of the change or inaccuracy; and
MandatoryforCard activation andOne-Time-Password-SMS-OPT b. that I have provided full and complete information in relation to my Nationality including dual/multiple
Nationalities if any and I shall inform the Bank in writing of any changes to my Nationality; and
c. at the time of this application, I am not an undischarged bankrupt and there has been no statutory
demand served on me or any legal proceeding commenced against me.
2. acknowledge that you may choose to either approve or reject this application and I agree that you do not
need to provide a reason for your approval or rejection.
3. confirm that I have obtained, read, understood and agree to be bound by the following (“Terms”):-
a. UOB Debit Cardmember Agreement;
fi b. Terms and Conditions Governing Accounts and Services;
c. Terms and Conditions governing Digital Services;
d. Bank’s Privacy Notice (Individual); and
[Terms are available at uob.com.sg].