TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING SINGTEL-UOB CARD
Overview
This document sets out the general terms and conditions governing the Singtel-UOB Credit Card which we
may provide to you from time to time. These terms and conditions are binding on you therefore it is important
that you read and understand this document.
By applying for or using the Singtel-UOB Credit Card, you commit yourself to comply with all of the terms
and conditions set out herein (“these Terms”). You are deemed to have already read, understood and
accepted every Term.
These Terms supplement, are additional to and are to be read together with:-
(a) our UOB Cardmembers Agreement; and
(b) the terms and conditions of other document or agreement governing your relationship with us.
(a) and (b) are collectively known as the “Other Terms”
If there is any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and the Other Terms, these Terms shall prevail
over the Other Terms to the extent necessary to give effect to these Terms. Please visit uob.com.sg for full
details.
Unless the context otherwise requires or these Terms expressly provide otherwise, all words and
expressions defined in the prevailing UOB Cardmembers Agreement shall have the same meanings when
used or referred to below.
Definitions
The following terms shall have the following meanings when used in these Terms:
“Bank” or “UOB” means United Overseas Bank Limited.
“Card” means the Singtel-UOB Credit Card.
“Designated Bills” means individual Singtel Bill and GOMO charges.
“Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement” means Designated Bills that are charged on a recurring
basis to the Card.
“Indemnified Parties” means Singtel, UOB and/or all their servants, employees, nominees, directors and
agents.
“Local Mobile Contactless Spend” means in-store contactless Transactions made via the following
mobile wallets: Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, Google Pay and such other mobile wallet services as UOB may
determine from time to time at its sole discretion and processed locally in Singapore, as UOB may determine
from time to time at its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Transactions which are made online via
any of the mobile wallets listed above will not be eligible to receive any Cashback under the “Mobile
Contactless Spend” category but will receive Cashback under the “Online Spend” category.
“Local Online Spend” refers to Transactions made via the internet based on system indicators and
processed locally in Singapore by the respective merchants/acquirers as an online transaction.
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z“Overseas Foreign Currency Spend” means Transactions which are processed outside of Singapore and
successfully charged to your Card and posted on UOB’s system, in a foreign currency. Transactions which
are processed outside of Singapore, but which are charged to your Card in Singapore dollars at the time of
the Transaction will not constitute an Overseas Foreign Currency Spend.
“Other Spend” means all other Transactions that are not Local Online Spend, Local Mobile Contactless
Spend and/or Singtel Spend.
“Singtel” means Singapore Telecommunications Limited.
“Singtel Bill” means any bill issued by Singtel or any of its related corporations (“related corporations”
having the meaning given to that term in Section 6 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore to customers
who are individuals. For the avoidance of doubt, individual Singtel bills excludes bills issued to corporate
customers.
“Singtel Spend” refers to Transactions made at Singtel, or any of its related corporations with the following
Merchant Category Codes (MCC) and which are processed locally in Singapore and contain the
corresponding transaction descriptions as set out in the table below, which may be updated from time to
time.
MCC Descriptions
4812, • BS WHATSAPP BOT*
4814, • ERAJAYA*
5999 • G-FORCE*
• GKE RETAILS PTE LTD
• GOMO MOBILE PLAN*
• HELLO*
• MY APPS MALL*
• MYSINGTELAPP*
• PREPAID ONLINE TOP UP*
• PREPAID*
• SINGAPORE TELCOM*
• SINGTEL*
• SINGTELSHOP*
• STBILL*
• STS*
• TELECOM EQ*
• WHIZCOMM*
“Transactions” means the transactions successfully charged to the Card Account by the Principal and
Supplementary Cardmembers and posted on the Bank’s systems but excludes the following :
(a) cash advances;
(b) balance and/or fund transfers;
(c) NETS and NETS-related transactions;
(d) monthly instalments under 0% Instalment Payment Plan and SmartPay;
(e) amounts approved under the UOB Payment Facility and any associated fees or charges;
(f) any transactions made at Shell petrol stations and SPC petrol stations;
(g) any interest, fees and charges (including without limitation, late payment charges or
interest charges, annual or monthly fees or charges) imposed by the Bank;
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z(h) any credit card transaction that is subsequently cancelled, voided, refunded or reversed
for any reason;
(i) any transaction made with the following Merchant Category Codes (MCC):
MCC Description
4829 Wire Transfer/Remittance
4900 Utilities
5199 Nondurable Goods
5960 Direct Marketing - Insurance Services
5965 Direct marketing –Combination Catalog and Retail Merchants
5993 Cigar Stores and Stands
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
6050 Quasi Cash–Financial Institutions, Merchandise and Services
6051 Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency,
Non-Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales/Underwrite
6513 Real Estate Agents & Managers – Rentals
6529 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Financial Institute Rentals
6530 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Merchant Rentals
6534 Quasi Cash-Remote Money Transfers
6540 Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Clean/Maint/Janitorial Serv aka Property Management
7511 Quasi Cash – Truck Stop Trxns
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
7995 Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-
Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Charitable and Social Service Organizations
8661 Religious Organizations
8651 Political Organizations
8699 Membership Organizations (Not Elsewhere Classified)
8999 Professional Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
9211 Court Costs including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payment
9402 Postal Services—Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases—Government Only
9399 Government Services—not elsewhere classified
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z(j) any top-ups or payment of funds to payment service providers or prepaid accounts;
(k) any transaction made with the following transaction descriptions:
• AXS* • Saxo Cap Mkts Pts Ltd
• CITY INDEX* • SKR*PLUS500CY LTD
• EZ LINK* • SKR*SKRILL.COM
• EZ-LINK * • TRANSIT*
• EZLINK* • WWW.IGMARKETS.COM.SG
• EZLINKS* • WWW.MYEZLINK.COM.SG
• FLASHPAY* • WWW.PLUS500.CO.UK
• NETSFLASHPAY* • SP Digital*
• MB * MONEYBOOKERS.COM • SP Services*
• OANDA ASIA PAC • AMAZE* TRANSIT*
• OANDAASIAPA • IPAYMY*
• PAYPAL * OANDAASIAPA • RWS-LEVY*
• PLUS500 • SMOOVE PAY*
• PLUS500UK LIMITED • SINGPOST-SAM*
• PAYPAL* PLUS500 • RazerPay*
• PAYPAL* PLUS500.COM • NORWDS* (w.e.f. 21 Jul 2024)
• PAYPAL * CAPITALROYA • AMAZE* (wef 1 October 2024)
• PAYPAL * BIZCONSULTA
(l) any other transactions which the Bank may exclude from time to time without prior notice to you.
For the avoidance of doubt,
a. Please note that a merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature
of business. The MCCs are assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. UOB does not
determine the merchants’ MCC. UOB shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating
to the categorisation of a merchant’s MCC.
b. Transactions effected in foreign currencies will be converted into Singapore dollars based
on UOB’s prevailing exchange rate and the Singapore dollar amount posted on UOB’s
system will be used for the purposes of computing your Qualifying Spend and
corresponding Cashback.
Transitional Provisions
If you are an existing Singtel-UOB Cardholder with the principal Card issued before 27 August 2025, except
as otherwise stipulated, these revised terms and conditions governing Singtel-UOB Card will only apply to
Transactions posted to your Card on or after 27 August 2025.
If your Gomo charges are charged to the Card on a recurring basis for 12 consecutive months by 10
November 2025, and you are charged an annual fee on or after 10 November 2025, you will receive a
waiver of the annual fee posted to your Card.
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z1. Cashback
1.1 As a Cardmember, you will earn cashback on Transactions charged to your Card
(“Cashback”) as follows:
Qualifying Spend Cashback Cap per statement
month
S$800 12% Cashback on Singtel Spend S$30
(per statement
month) 10% Cashback on Local Online S$30
Spend and Local Mobile Contactless
Spend
0.3% Cashback on all Other Spend S$20
1.2 To qualify for 12% Cashback on Singtel Spend and 10% Cashback on Local Online Spend
and Local Mobile Contactless Spend, you must successfully charge at least S$800 worth
of Transactions in a statement month to your Card (“Qualifying Spend”).
1.3 If you do not meet the Qualifying Spend in a statement month, you will earn 0.3% Cashback
on all Transactions successfully charged to your Card account in that statement month.
1.4 The maximum total Cashback is capped at S$80 for each statement month, and it will be
computed based on the Transactions successfully charged and posted to your Card in a
statement month as shown in your Card statement in respect of that statement month, and
will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places.
1.5 The Cashback earned for the current statement month will be credited into your Card
account in the next statement month in Singapore dollars and can only be used to offset
against the billed amount for your Card account in your next statement month.
1.6 Transactions incurred by your supplementary holder of your Card will accrue to your
principal Card for the purposes of computing the Qualifying Spend on your principal Card
account. Cashback earned by the supplementary holder of your Card will be credited to
your principal Card account.
1.7 Clauses 1.2 to 1.5 apply regardless of whether your first statement period in relation to
your new Card is less than a statement month.
1.8 The Cashback is neither transferable nor exchangeable for cash, reward points, credit,
goods and services, products or privileges or other kind in full or in part and is not
refundable or replaceable.
1.9 Unused Cashback will be forfeited on (whichever earlier):
• 2 calendar years from the last day of the statement month the Cashback was
awarded;
• the Bank’s receipt of your request to terminate your Card; or
• the termination of your Card by the Bank for any reason whatsoever.
1.10 The crediting of the Cashback amount by UOB does not constitute payment of any amount
due on your Card account (including any minimum payment amount due).
1.11 Any Cashback awarded in respect of any reversed, voided, refunded or cancelled
Transactions will be deducted from the Card account.
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z2. Singtel Vouchers
2.1 As a Principal Cardmember, you will be entitled to the following Singtel vouchers when you
have in place (i) an Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement for postpaid Singtel Mobile,
Fibre Broadband or TV services (not including GOMO and prepaid services) AND (ii) meet
the minimum local spend indicated in the table below during a qualifying period:
Minimum total annum local spend Receive Singtel vouchers worth
(including Singtel bills and GOMO
charges)
Spend S$12,000 to less than S$100
S$24,000
Spend S$24,000 and above S$300
2.2 The first qualifying period starts from the month when your first transaction is charged to
your Card and ends after the completion of the next 12 months’ card statements cycle.
Subsequent qualifying periods will start from your card statement date and end after the
completion of the next 12 months’ card statements cycle.
2.3 Qualifying local spend transactions are posted retail transactions made in Singapore
dollars excluding funds transfers, cash advances, personal loan, overseas spend
transactions in foreign currency, void card transactions, chargebacks, fees, interests, other
financial charges, amounts approved under the UOB Payment Facility and any associated
fees or charges (with effect from 19 June 2023), any payment to educational institutions
(with effect from 1 Sep 2019), any payment made to Member Financial Institution –
Merchandise and Services, Securities – Brokers and Dealers, Stored Value Card
Purchase/Load, Betting/Track/Casino/Lotto and Political Organizations, selected
transactions such as insurance payments, Grab mobile wallet top-ups, wire transfers,
payments to Non-Financial Institutions, quasi-cash and more, transactions involving
payments to hospitals, automobile parking lots and garages and such other categories of
transactions which the Bank may exclude from time to time without notice or giving reasons.
The local spend of your supplementary Card will be included in the calculation of your
qualifying local spend of the principal Card.
2.4 Each Principal Cardmember is only eligible to receive the Singtel vouchers once per
qualifying period, regardless of their total annum local spend. Principal Cardmembers who
are eligible to receive the Singtel vouchers be issued the Singtel vouchers within two (2)
months after the end of a qualifying period provided that the Card account is in good
standing, as we determine in our sole discretion at the end of a qualifying period. Early
redemption is strictly not allowed.
2.5 Singtel vouchers will be awarded in the form of digital vouchers which you may view and
access via your MySingtel app. The Singtel vouches may be redeemed directly at Singtel
shops or online via Singtel.com.
2.6 Please refer here for full terms and conditions relating to Singtel benefits.
3. Annual Fee Waiver
3.1 Both Principal and Supplementary Cardmembers will receive a waiver on the Card annual
fee if Singtel Bills are charged to the Card on a recurring basis for 12 consecutive months.
With effect from 10 November 2025, both Principal and Supplementary Cardmembers will
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Zreceive a waiver on the Card annual fee if there is an Eligible Recurring Payment
Arrangement for 12 consecutive months.
3.2 An annual fee of S$196.20 for the Principal Card and S$98.10 for Supplementary Card will
apply if there is no Singtel Bill charged to the Card, or (with effect from 10 November 2025)
if there is no Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement, for 12 consecutive months. Annual
fees quoted include GST.
4. FX fees
4.1 There will be no administrative fees applied on transactions in foreign currencies (“FX
fees”) charged on all Overseas Foreign Currency Spend successfully charged and posted
to your Card account. This is regardless of whether you meet the Qualifying Spend in a
statement month.
4.2 For the avoidance of doubt, the International Processing Fee of 1% of the transaction
amount, which is chargeable on transactions charged to your Card in Singapore dollars
and processed outside Singapore, will continue to apply.
5. UOB$ Programme
5.1 You will earn UOB$ for spending at all UOB$ Merchants.
5.2 Qualifying spend transactions are retail transactions made using the Card at the
UOB$ Merchants.
5.3 Should your spending be deemed to be for commercial and/or non-personal purposes, we
reserve the right to refuse to award UOB$ for such transactions. We reserve the right to
cancel and void any UOB$ awarded to your statement of account at any time if it deems
that such UOB$ was not earned from your qualifying spend and you shall not be entitled
to any compensation or payment whatsoever.
5.4 Please refer to uob.com.sg/rewardsplus for other terms and conditions relating to the
UOB$ Programme.
6. Other Singtel-UOB Privileges
6.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers can enjoy a waiver of one-time registration fee and SIM Card
charge, total worth S$21.80.
6.2 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers can enjoy a waiver of S$10.90 administrative fees upon
recontracting of their Singtel mobile plan.
6.3 All charges listed are inclusive of 9% GST.
6.4 These Terms and Conditions may be amended by Singtel Mobile from time to time as
Singtel Mobile deems appropriate and any such amendments shall be posted on
www.Singtel.com and shall take effect from the date that they are so posted.
6.5 Singtel-UOB Cardmember hereby affirmatively consents to and authorises Singtel Mobile
or Singapore Telecommunications Limited (“Singtel”) to collect, use and/or disclose any
information or personal data of the Singtel-UOB Cardmember in accordance to Clause 15
of Singtel’s General Terms and Conditions and/or prevailing policies, where applicable.
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z7. Visa payWave Reader and Transactions
7.1 The Visa payWave-enabled Card may be used to carry out card transactions at all Visa
point-of-sale terminals and at such other readers or systems as we may from time to time
approve. The first card transaction on a new Card shall be subject to such activation and
authentication procedures as we may in our sole and absolute discretion prescribe from
time to time.
7.2 As an additional usage avenue for your convenience, we have also made arrangements
for you to use your new Cards to effect card transactions at Visa payWave readers. A Visa
payWave reader is a point-of-sale device (as approved by us in our sole and absolute
discretion from time to time) at which the new Card may be used to execute card
transactions, either by tapping or waving the new Card against such reader without
requiring any signature, PIN or other authentication on your part.
7.3 Any usage of a new Card at any Visa payWave readers, if permitted by us shall be
subject to such terms and conditions as we and Visa may agree from time to time.
8. General Conditions
8.1 You hereby authorise that all Singtel Bills from the Singtel account specified in your Card
application, shall be charged to the Card, even if the Card has not been activated by you.
8.2 Neither Singtel nor ourselves shall be responsible for any direct and/or indirect loss or
damage suffered by you or any person as a result of the redemption or usage of the
benefits of the Card.
8.3 If we or Singtel subsequently discovers that you are in fact not eligible to qualify for the
benefits of the Card, we may at our discretion, forfeit or reclaim the value of the benefits of
the Card awarded by charging to and debiting an amount equivalent to the value of the
benefits of the Card from any of your account.
8.4 We and Singtel have the absolute discretion to make decisions on all matters relating to or
in, including connection with the Card but not limited to the determination of whether you
have met all the requirements to enjoy the benefits of the Card. Our and Singtel’s decisions
shall be final, conclusive and binding on all parties concerned and no payment or
compensation will be given or paid by us or Singtel to you or any person. We or Singtel
shall not be obliged to give any reason or enter into any correspondence with any person
on any matter relating to the Card or its decision.
8.5 You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Parties against any and all
actions, claims, proceedings, costs (including legal costs incurred by the Indemnified
Parties in defending any such actions, claims or proceedings), liability, losses and
damages (direct and/or indirect) whatsoever which may be brought or commenced against
the Indemnified Parties by any person and/or which the Indemnified Parties may sustain,
incur or suffer, as the case may be, arising out of or in connection with or by reason of your
redemption or usage of the Card and the benefits of the Card.
8.6 We and Singtel reserve the right to vary/amend any or all of the benefits of Card and/or
these Terms without prior notice or assuming any liability to you, and you shall be bound
by these amendments. We and Singtel shall not be liable for any claims, costs, expenses,
losses or damages suffered by any person as a result of the aforementioned matters.
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z8.7 In the event of any inconsistency between the Terms and any advertising, promotional,
publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials relating to or in connection with the Card,
the Terms shall prevail.
8.8 The Card shall only be used for your own legitimate and genuine personal expenses and
shall not be used for commercial or other non-personal expenses.
8.9 UOB may deduct, re-compute, withdraw, forfeit and/or cancel any Cashback earned and/or
awarded and/or cancel and terminate your Card, without giving any reason or prior notice
or assuming any liability to you, if:
(a) spending on your Card account is deemed by UOB in its sole and absolute
discretion to be for commercial, illegitimate, ingenuine, commercial and/or non-
personal purposes; or
(b) your Card account is not in good standing and not conducted in a proper and
satisfactory manner at any time as determined by UOB in its sole discretion; or
(c) your Card account is overdue;
(d) UOB deems in its sole discretion that there is an abuse of the Cashback
programme (whether via unusual, illegitimate, and/or ingenuine transaction
activities or otherwise); or
(e) relevant Cashback was not earned from eligible transactions or if you fail to meet
the Qualifying Spend; or
(f) for any other reason that UOB may determine in its sole discretion.
No payment or compensation in respect of such deduction, re-computation, withdrawal or
cancellation will be made. In the event that your Card account is delinquent, voluntarily or
involuntarily closed or terminated or suspended for any reasons whatsoever before the
Cashback credited into your Card account, such Cashback earned shall be forfeited
without prior notice to you and you shall not be entitled to any compensation or payment
whatsoever.
8.10 By applying for or using this Card and in addition to any other consent you have already
provided to the Bank and Singtel and any right of the Bank and Singtel under applicable
laws, you consent to the Bank and Singtel and the necessary third parties collecting, using
and disclosing your information (including your personal data) for the purposes of this Card
and to contact you, including via voice call or text message.
8.11 The Bank shall not be responsible or liable in any manner for (i) any failure or delay or
mistake in the transmission or submission of card transactions and/or the Transactions by
any party (including but not limited to the card associations, acquiring merchants, merchant
establishments, postal or telecommunication authorities) for whatever reason; or (ii) any
breakdown or malfunction in any computer system or equipment; or (iii) any loss, expenses,
delays, mistake, neglect or omission in the awarding of the Cashback or your participation
in the Cashback programme.
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z8.12 The Bank reserves all rights to (i) substitute the Cashback; (ii) forfeit or reclaim the
Cashback where participant is subsequently discovered to be ineligible; (iii) amend or vary
the Card name or design; and (v) make determinations and decisions on all matters relating
to the Card which shall be final, conclusive and binding.
8.13 Unless expressly stated so, a person not a party to these Terms has no rights under the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 of Singapore to enforce these Terms.
8.14 While all the information provided herein is believed to be reliable at the time and date of
printing, we and Singtel make no representation or warranty whether express or implied,
and accepts no responsibility or liability for its completeness or accuracy.
8.15 These Terms shall be interpreted, construed and governed by the laws of Singapore and
you hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore Courts.
Date of publishing: 28 July 2025 (effective 27 August 2025)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z