TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING SINGTEL-UOB CARD
Overview
This document sets out the general terms and conditions governing the Singtel-UOB Credit Card which we
may provide to you from time to time. These terms and conditions are binding on you therefore it is important
that you read and understand this document.
By applying for or using the Singtel-UOB Credit Card, you commit yourself to comply with all of the terms
and conditions set out herein (“these Terms”). You are deemed to have already read, understood and
accepted every Term.
These Terms supplement, are additional to and are to be read together with:-
(a) our UOB Cardmembers Agreement; and
(b) the terms and conditions of other document or agreement governing your relationship with us.
(a) and (b) are collectively known as the “Other Terms”
If there is any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and the Other Terms, these Terms shall prevail
over the Other Terms to the extent necessary to give effect to these Terms. Please visit uob.com.sg for full
details.
Unless the context otherwise requires or these Terms expressly provide otherwise, all words and
expressions defined in the prevailing UOB Cardmembers Agreement shall have the same meanings when
used or referred to below.
Definitions
The following terms shall have the following meanings when used in these Terms:
“Bank” or “UOB” means United Overseas Bank Limited.
“Card” means the Singtel-UOB Credit Card.
“Designated Bills” means individual Singtel Bill and GOMO charges.
“Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement” means Designated Bills that are charged on a recurring
basis to the Card.
“Indemnified Parties” means Singtel, UOB and/or all their servants, employees, nominees, directors and
agents.
“Local Mobile Contactless Spend” means in-store contactless Transactions made via the following
mobile wallets: Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, Google Pay and such other mobile wallet services as UOB may
determine from time to time at its sole discretion and processed locally in Singapore, as UOB may determine
from time to time at its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Transactions which are made online via
any of the mobile wallets listed above will not be eligible to receive any Cashback under the “Mobile
Contactless Spend” category but will receive Cashback under the “Online Spend” category.
“Local Online Spend” refers to Transactions made via the internet based on system indicators and
processed locally in Singapore by the respective merchants/acquirers as an online transaction.
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z“Overseas Foreign Currency Spend” means Transactions which are processed outside of Singapore and
successfully charged to your Card and posted on UOB’s system, in a foreign currency. Transactions which
are processed outside of Singapore, but which are charged to your Card in Singapore dollars at the time of
the Transaction will not constitute an Overseas Foreign Currency Spend.
“Other Spend” means all other Transactions that are not Local Online Spend, Local Mobile Contactless
Spend and/or Singtel Spend.
“Singtel” means Singapore Telecommunications Limited.
“Singtel Bill” means any bill issued by Singtel or any of its related corporations (“related corporations”
having the meaning given to that term in Section 6 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore to customers
who are individuals. For the avoidance of doubt, individual Singtel bills exclude bills issued to corporate
customers.
“Singtel Spend” refers to Transactions made at Singtel, or any of its related corporations with the following
Merchant Category Codes (MCC) and which are processed locally in Singapore and contain the
corresponding transaction descriptions as set out in the table below, which may be updated from time to
time.
MCC Descriptions
4812, • BS WHATSAPP BOT*
4814, • ERAJAYA* (removed w.e.f. 28 June 2026)
5999 • G-FORCE*
• GKE RETAILS PTE LTD*
• GOMO*(included w.e.f 24 April 2026)
• GOMO MOBILE PLAN* (removed w.e.f. 24 April 2026)
• HELLO*
• MY APPS MALL*
• MYSINGTELAPP*
• PREPAID ONLINE TOP UP*
• PREPAID*
• SINGAPORE TELECOM*
• SINGTEL*
• SINGTELSHOP*
• STBILL*
• STS*
• TELECOM EQ*
• WHIZCOMM*
• 3 MOBILE TELECOM*
• ROYAL TELE* (included w.e.f 28 June 2026)
The asterisk symbol (“*”) used in transaction descriptions signifies that any number of characters may follow
the specified word or phrase.
For example, “SINGTEL*” encompasses variations such as “SINGTEL MOBILE”, “SINGTEL TV”, and other
transaction descriptors that begin with “SINGTEL”.
For avoidance of doubt, the following transactions do not constitute as eligible Singtel Spend:
(a) Singtel Dash;
(b) enterprise-related payments;
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z(c) Singtel Protect and other insurance-related transactions.
“Transactions” means the transactions successfully charged to the Card Account by the Principal and
Supplementary Cardmembers and posted on the Bank’s systems but excludes the following :
(a) cash advances;
(b) balance and/or fund transfers;
(c) NETS and NETS-related transactions;
(d) monthly instalments under 0% Instalment Payment Plan and SmartPay;
(e) amounts approved under the UOB Payment Facility and any associated fees or charges;
(f) any transactions made at Shell petrol stations and SPC petrol stations;
(g) any interest, fees and charges (including without limitation, late payment charges or
interest charges, annual or monthly fees or charges) imposed by the Bank;
(h) any credit card transaction that is subsequently cancelled, voided, refunded or reversed
for any reason;
(i) any transaction made with the following Merchant Category Codes (MCC):
MCC Description
4829 Wire Transfer/Remittance
4900 Utilities
5199 Nondurable Goods
5960 Direct Marketing - Insurance Services
5965 Direct marketing –Combination Catalog and Retail Merchants
5993 Cigar Stores and Stands
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
6050 Quasi Cash–Financial Institutions, Merchandise and Services
6051 Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency,
Non-Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales/Underwrite
6513 Real Estate Agents & Managers – Rentals
6529 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Financial Institute Rentals
6530 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Merchant Rentals
6534 Quasi Cash-Remote Money Transfers
6540 Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Clean/Maint/Janitorial Serv aka Property Management
7511 Quasi Cash – Truck Stop Trxns
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
7995 Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-
Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Charitable and Social Service Organizations
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z8661 Religious Organizations
8651 Political Organizations
8699 Membership Organizations (Not Elsewhere Classified)
8999 Professional Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
9211 Court Costs including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payment
9402 Postal Services—Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases—Government Only
9399 Government Services—not elsewhere classified
(j) any top-ups or payment of funds to payment service providers or prepaid accounts;
(k) any transaction made with the following transaction descriptions:
• AXS* • Saxo Cap Mkts Pts Ltd
• CITY INDEX* • SKR*PLUS500CY LTD
• EZ LINK* • SKR*SKRILL.COM
• EZ-LINK * • TRANSIT*
• EZLINK* • WWW.IGMARKETS.COM.SG
• EZLINKS* • WWW.MYEZLINK.COM.SG
• FLASHPAY* • WWW.PLUS500.CO.UK
• NETSFLASHPAY* • SP Digital*
• MB * MONEYBOOKERS.COM • SP Services*
• OANDA ASIA PAC • AMAZE* TRANSIT*
• OANDAASIAPA • IPAYMY*
• PAYPAL * OANDAASIAPA • RWS-LEVY*
• PLUS500 • SMOOVE PAY*
• PLUS500UK LIMITED • SINGPOST-SAM*
• PAYPAL* PLUS500 • RazerPay*
• PAYPAL* PLUS500.COM • NORWDS*
• PAYPAL * CAPITALROYA • AMAZE*
• PAYPAL * BIZCONSULTA
(l) any other transactions which the Bank may exclude from time to time without prior notice to you.
For the avoidance of doubt,
a. Please note that a merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature
of business. The MCCs are assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. UOB does not
determine the merchants’ MCC. UOB shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating
to the categorisation of a merchant’s MCC.
b. Transactions effected in foreign currencies will be converted into Singapore dollars based
on UOB’s prevailing exchange rate and the Singapore dollar amount posted on UOB’s
system will be used for the purposes of computing your Qualifying Spend and
corresponding Cashback.
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026ZTransitional Provisions
If you are an existing Singtel-UOB Cardholder with the principal Card issued before 27 August 2025, except
as otherwise stipulated, these revised terms and conditions governing Singtel-UOB Card will only apply to
Transactions posted to your Card on or after 27 August 2025.
If your GOMO charges are charged to the Card on a recurring basis for 12 consecutive months by 10
November 2025, and you are charged an annual fee on or after 10 November 2025, you will receive a
waiver of the annual fee posted to your Card.
If you are an existing Singtel-UOB Cardholder whose principal Card is approved before 17 April 2026,
clause 2 with the exception of clause 2.3 will apply to your eligibility for Singtel vouchers until the end of
your ongoing qualifying period for Singtel voucher eligibility. Thereafter, clause 2 with the exception of
clause 2.2 will apply.
If you are a new Singtel-UOB Cardholder whose principal Card is approved on/after 17 April 2026, clause
2 with the exception of clause 2.2 will apply to your eligibility to receive Singtel vouchers.
1. Cashback
1.1 As a Cardmember, you will earn cashback on Transactions charged to your Card
(“Cashback”) as follows:
Qualifying Spend Cashback Cap per statement
month
S$800 12% Cashback on Singtel Spend S$30
(per statement
month) 10% Cashback on Local Online S$30
Spend and Local Mobile Contactless
Spend
0.3% Cashback on all Other Spend S$20
1.2 To qualify for 12% Cashback on Singtel Spend and 10% Cashback on Local Online Spend
and Local Mobile Contactless Spend, you must successfully charge at least S$800 worth
of Transactions in a statement month to your Card (“Qualifying Spend”).
1.3 If you do not meet the Qualifying Spend in a statement month, you will earn 0.3% Cashback
on all Transactions successfully charged to your Card account in that statement month.
1.4 The maximum total Cashback is capped at S$80 for each statement month, and it will be
computed based on the Transactions successfully charged and posted to your Card in a
statement month as shown in your Card statement in respect of that statement month, and
will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places.
1.5 The Cashback earned for the current statement month will be credited into your Card
account in the next statement month in Singapore dollars and can only be used to offset
against the billed amount for your Card account in your next statement month.
1.6 Transactions incurred by your supplementary holder of your Card will accrue to your
principal Card for the purposes of computing the Qualifying Spend on your principal Card
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Zaccount. Cashback earned by the supplementary holder of your Card will be credited to
your principal Card account.
1.7 Clauses 1.2 to 1.5 apply regardless of whether your first statement period in relation to
your new Card is less than a statement month.
1.8 The Cashback is neither transferable nor exchangeable for cash, reward points, credit,
goods and services, products or privileges or other kind in full or in part and is not
refundable or replaceable.
1.9 Unused Cashback will be forfeited on (whichever earlier):
• 2 calendar years from the last day of the statement month the Cashback was
awarded;
• the Bank’s receipt of your request to terminate your Card; or
• the termination of your Card by the Bank for any reason whatsoever.
1.10 The crediting of the Cashback amount by UOB does not constitute payment of any amount
due on your Card account (including any minimum payment amount due).
1.11 Any Cashback awarded in respect of any reversed, voided, refunded or cancelled
Transactions will be deducted from the Card account.
2. Singtel Vouchers
2.1 The duration of your qualifying period for Singtel voucher eligibility shall be as follows:
Existing Singtel-UOB Cardholder whose principal Card is approved before 17 April
2026:
Qualifying Period Duration
1st qualifying period Date of your Card approval to the date of your 13th monthly
card statement
Qualifying periods prior to Day after the last date of the immediately preceding
the qualifying period that is qualifying period to the date of your next 12th monthly card
ongoing as at 17 April 2026 statement
Qualifying period that is Day after the last date of the immediately preceding
ongoing as at 17 April 2026 qualifying period to the date of your next 12th monthly card
statement
1st qualifying period after Day after the last date of the immediately preceding
the end of the qualifying qualifying period to the date of your next 13th monthly card
period that was ongoing as statement
at 17 April 2026
Subsequent qualifying Day after the last date of the immediately preceding
periods qualifying period to the date of your next 12th monthly card
statement
New Singtel-UOB Cardholder whose principal Card is approved on or after 17 April
2026:
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026ZQualifying Period Duration
1st qualifying period Date of your Card approval to the date of your 13th monthly
card statement
Subsequent qualifying Day after the last date of the immediately preceding
periods qualifying period to the date of your next 12th monthly card
statement
2.2 If you are an existing Singtel-UOB Cardholder whose principal Card is approved before 17
April 2026 and your qualifying period for Singtel voucher eligibility is ongoing as at 17 April
2026, you will be entitled to receive Singtel vouchers as a Principal Cardmember during
that ongoing qualifying period when you:
(i) have in place an Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement for postpaid Singtel Mobile,
Fibre Broadband or TV services (not including GOMO charges and prepaid services) and
(ii) meet the minimum local spend indicated in the table below during a qualifying period:
Minimum total annum local spend Receive Singtel vouchers worth
(including Singtel bills and GOMO
charges)
Spend S$12,000 to less than S$100
S$24,000
Spend S$24,000 and above S$300
(iii) Qualifying Local Spend are posted retail transactions made in Singapore dollars
excluding funds transfers, cash advances, personal loan, overseas spend
transactions in foreign currency, void card transactions, chargebacks, fees, interests,
other financial charges, amounts approved under the UOB Payment Facility and any
associated fees or charges, any payment to educational institutions, any payment
made with the following Merchant Category Codes, 6012 Member Financial Institution
– Merchandise and Services, 6211 - Securities – Brokers and Dealers, 6540 - Stored
Value Card Purchase/Load, 7995 - Betting/Track/Casino/Lotto and Political
Organizations, selected transactions such as insurance payments, Grab mobile wallet
top-ups, wire transfers, payments to non-financial institutions, quasi-cash, transactions
involving payments to hospitals, automobile parking lots and garages and such other
categories of transactions which UOB may exclude from time to time without notice or
giving reasons.
(iv) Supplementary Cardmembers’ Local Spend during a Qualifying Period will be included
in the calculation of their principal Cardmember's Local Spend for that Qualifying
Period.
2.3 If you are an existing Singtel-UOB Cardholder whose principal Card is approved before 17
April 2026 and your latest qualifying period for Singtel voucher eligibility that was ongoing
as at 17 April 2026 has ended or you are a new Singtel-UOB Cardholder whose principal
Card was approved on or after 17 April 2026, you will be entitled to receive Singtel vouchers
as Principal Cardmember during a qualifying period when you:
(i) have in place an Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement for postpaid Singtel
Mobile, Fibre Broadband or TV services (not including GOMO charges and
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Zprepaid services) and
(ii) meet the Singtel Spend indicated in the table below during a qualifying period:
Minimum total annum Singtel Receive Singtel vouchers worth
Spend
Spend S$3,500 to less than S$5,500 S$100
Spend S$5,500 and above S$300
(iii) Supplementary Cardmembers’ Singtel Spend during a Qualifying Period will be
included in the calculation of their principal Cardmember’s Singtel Spend for that
Qualifying Period.
2.4 For example:
Existing Singtel-UOB Cardholder whose principal Card is approved before 17 April
2026:
Your Card is approved on 18 April 2025. Your monthly card statements are issued on the
28th of each month.
Your first qualifying period will be from 18 April 2025 to 28 April 2026, during which Clause
2.2 will apply to your eligibility for Singtel vouchers.
Your next qualifying period will be from 29 April 2026 to 28 April 2027, during which Clause
2.3 will apply to your eligibility for Singtel vouchers. Your subsequent qualifying period will
be from 29 April 2027 to 28 March 2028. Clause 2.3 will also apply to your eligibility for
Singtel vouchers for this subsequent qualifying period and all qualifying periods thereafter.
New Singtel-UOB Cardholder whose principal Card is approved on or after 17 April
2026:
Your Card is approved on 18 April 2026. Your monthly card statements are issued on the
28th of each month.
Your first qualifying period will be from 18 April 2026 to 28 April 2027 and your subsequent
qualifying period will be from 29 April 2027 to 28 March 2028.
Clause 2.3 will apply to your eligibility for Singtel vouchers for all qualifying periods.
2.5 These Singtel vouchers shall be supplied by Singtel.
2.6 Each Principal Cardmember is only eligible to receive the Singtel vouchers once per
qualifying period, regardless of their total annum local/Singtel spend. Principal
Cardmembers who are eligible to receive the Singtel vouchers be issued the Singtel
vouchers within two (2) months after the end of a qualifying period provided that the Card
account is in good standing, as we determine in our sole discretion at the end of a qualifying
period. Early redemption is strictly not allowed.
2.7 The Singtel vouchers will be awarded in the form of digital vouchers which you may view
and access via MySingtel app. The Singtel voucher will be issued to the Principal
Cardmember’s Singtel account that has in place the Eligible Recurring Payment
Arrangement.
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z2.8 Singtel vouchers may be redeemed directly at Singtel shops or online via singtel.com, and
can be used to offset the price when you purchase a mobile device together with
subscription (new sign-up or recontract) to Enhanced XS / Enhanced S / Enhanced M /
Priority L / Priority Pro / Priority Family Plan. A redemption of a Singtel voucher, once made,
cannot be varied, reversed or cancelled. At redemption, if the value of the redeemed
Singtel voucher is less than the relevant purchase price, the outstanding balance amount
must be paid in order to complete the relevant purchase. If the value of the redeemed
Singtel voucher is more than the relevant purchase price, the difference will not be
refunded.
2.9 The Singtel voucher is valid for 1 year from date of issue. Early issuance or redemption of
the Singtel voucher is strictly not allowed.
2.10 Singtel reserves the right to substitute the Singtel vouchers with alternative benefits of
equivalent value.
2.11 The Singtel vouchers may be redeemed directly at Singtel retail outlets or online via
singtel.com. The Singtel vouchers can be used to offset the price when a Cardmembers
purchases a mobile device together with subscription (new sign-up or recontract) to an
eligible Singtel phone plan with 24-month contract. A redemption of a Singtel voucher, once
made, cannot be varied, reversed or cancelled. At redemption, if the value of the redeemed
Singtel voucher is less than the relevant purchase price, the outstanding balance amount
must be paid by the Cardmember in order to complete the relevant purchase. If the value
of the redeemed Singtel voucher is more than the relevant purchase price, the difference
will not be refunded.
2.12 Singtel may impose other terms and conditions governing the use of the Singtel vouchers
as determined at its sole and absolute discretion.
3. Annual Fee
3.1 No annual fee will be charged for the Card with effect from 1 July 2026.
4. FX fees
4.1 There will be no administrative fees applied on transactions in foreign currencies (“FX
fees”) charged on all Overseas Foreign Currency Spend successfully charged and posted
to your Card account. This is regardless of whether you meet the Qualifying Spend in a
statement month.
4.2 For the avoidance of doubt, the International Processing Fee of 1% of the transaction
amount, which is chargeable on transactions charged to your Card in Singapore dollars
and processed outside Singapore, will continue to apply.
5. UOB$ Programme
5.1 You will earn UOB$ for spending at all UOB$ Merchants.
5.2 Qualifying spend transactions are retail transactions made using the Card at the
UOB$ Merchants.
5.3 Should your spending be deemed to be for commercial and/or non-personal purposes, we
reserve the right to refuse to award UOB$ for such transactions. We reserve the right to
cancel and void any UOB$ awarded to your statement of account at any time if it deems
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Zthat such UOB$ was not earned from your qualifying spend and you shall not be entitled
to any compensation or payment whatsoever.
5.4 Please refer to uob.com.sg/rewardsplus for other terms and conditions relating to the
UOB$ Programme.
6. Singtel Benefits (General Terms)
6.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers must set up an Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement on
their Singtel and/or GOMO bills using their Singtel-UOB Card in order to enjoy the Singtel
benefits set out in Clauses 7 through 12 below (the “Singtel Benefits”). After doing so,
from 27 Aug 2025 onwards, you will automatically be eligible for the Singtel Benefits if you
meet the requirements applicable to each Singtel Benefit as stated in Clauses 7 through
12. Cardholders who do not set up the Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement will not be
eligible for the Singtel Benefits unless otherwise stated.
6.2 In the event of Card termination or removal of the Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement
with the Singtel-UOB Card, all Singtel Benefits will cease immediately for the affected
Cardmember.
6.3 The Singtel Benefits are only applicable on purchases made by a Singtel-UOB
Cardmember with a valid Singtel-UOB Card on or after 27 August 2025.
6.4 The Singtel Benefits will apply to all services under your Singtel account. Such Singtel
Benefits are not transferrable to other Singtel account holders.
6.5 Neither UOB nor Singtel is not liable for the inability of a customer to take advantage of the
Singtel Benefits for any reason, and Singtel Benefits cannot be retroactively claimed.
Singtel and UOB reserves the right to amend, terminate and add to the listed Singtel
Benefits without prior notice.
6.6 Singtel may change its terms and conditions, or impose other terms and conditions,
governing the Singtel Benefits (whether individually or collectively) as determined at its sole
and absolute discretion.
7. Singtel Benefit – Mobile (Extra Local Data & Talktime)
7.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers can enjoy extra 10GB/month of local data and 100 mins /month
of talktime, with (i) every new sign-up or recontract to an eligible Singtel phone plan
(Enhanced M / Priority L / Priority Pro / Priority Family Plan), or (ii) every new sign-up to an
eligible Singtel SIM Only plan (Enhanced Core / Priority Plus / Priority Ultra). This benefit
will cease after 24 months.
7.2 This benefit can be redeemed more than once by a customer, every time an eligible mobile
plan sign-up or recontract is performed.
7.3 Applicable to new plan sign-ups and recontracts performed in Singtel Shops & Singtel
Exclusive Retailers, as well as online (via singtel.com). To enjoy this benefit, you must have
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Zalready set up an Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement on your Singtel bills using your
Singtel-UOB Card before submitting an order for a new sign-up or recontract. The benefit
will be provisioned automatically upon start of service.
7.4 Cardmembers signing up for or recontracting to CIS, enterprise, Silver, or NTUC plans are
not eligible for this benefit.
7.5 This benefit offered under the Singtel-UOB Card is not stackable with other similar benefits
(i.e. extra local data and talktime) offered under other rewards programmes such as but
not limited to Singtel Red.
7.6 This benefit will be removed under the following conditions:
• Removal of the Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement at any time (as per
clause 6.2)
• Downgrading of plan to non-eligible plans
• Transfer of line ownership
• Line suspension due to non-payment
7.7 For other terms and conditions relating to Singtel Mobile, please refer to
https://www.singtel.com/personal/terms/postpaid-mobile-terms.
8. Singtel Benefit – Mobile (Admin Fee Waiver)
8.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers can enjoy a waiver of the one-time SIM Card fee (worth $21.80),
one-time registration fee (worth $10.90) and recontract fee (worth $10.90), when you (i)
sign up or recontract to an eligible Singtel phone plan (Enhanced M / Priority L / Priority
Pro / Priority Family Plan), or (ii) sign up to an eligible Singtel SIM Only plan (Enhanced
Core / Priority Plus / Priority Ultra). All charges listed are inclusive of 9% GST.
8.2 This benefit can be redeemed more than once by a Cardmember, every time an eligible
mobile plan sign-up or recontract is performed.
8.3 Applicable to new plan sign-ups and recontracts performed in Singtel retail outlets & Singtel
Exclusive Retailers. To enjoy this benefit, the Cardmember must inform the sales staff of
your Singtel-UOB Cardmember status at the point of sign-up/recontract, and show your
Singtel-UOB Card upon request.
8.4 Cardmembers signing up for or recontracting to CIS, enterprise, Silver, or NTUC plans are
not eligible for this benefit.
8.5 For other terms and conditions relating to Singtel Mobile, please refer to
https://www.singtel.com/personal/terms/postpaid-mobile-terms.
9. Singtel Benefit – Broadband (Free 12 months of CAST Pack)
9.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers can redeem a free trial of one CAST pack when you sign up
for or recontract to a 24-month fibre broadband plans. You may choose between the
Education Pack, Entertainment Pack or Lifestyle Pack. The trial period is for 12 months.
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z9.2 Upon the start of your new or recontracted Singtel fibre broadband service, Cardmember
will be sent an SMS with instructions to activate the CAST pack. The free trial period begins
upon successful subscription to the CAST pack. After the trial period ends, a recurring
monthly subscription fee of S$9.98 per month shall apply to your continued subscription to
the selected CAST pack and will be charged to your Singtel Broadband account.
9.3 Applicable to new plan sign-ups and recontracts performed in Singtel retail outlets & Singtel
Exclusive Retailers. To enjoy this benefit, Cardmember must inform the sales staff of your
Singtel-UOB Cardmember status at the point of sign-up/recontract, and show your Singtel-
UOB Card upon request.
9.4 Not applicable to customers enjoying the 10Gbps or 5Gbps Entertainment Bundle. No
alternative CAST packs will be offered in-lieu.
9.5 This benefit is not stackable with other CAST pack promotions. Cardmembers who are
currently subscribed to any of these CAST packs are not eligible to redeem this benefit for
the same pack but may redeem this benefit for another CAST pack. For the avoidance of
doubt, Cardmembers redeeming this benefit may also redeem the benefit under Clause 11
(Singtel Benefit – Reward (Free 6 months of CAST Pack)) for a different CAST pack.
9.6 All CAST content, including complimentary channels, provided to customers is subject to
change, removal, replacement, or addition from time to time at Singtel’s sole discretion.
Cardmembers may not request for any changes to the CAST content packs. An eligible
residential or CIS Singtel Postpaid mobile number is required to sign up for CAST through
your Singtel mobile bill. Corporate or GOMO mobile customers may sign up for CAST under
the credit card option. For other terms and conditions relating to CAST, visit
www.cast.sg/termsandconditions.
9.7 For other terms and conditions relating to Singtel Fibre Broadband, please refer to
https://www.singtel.com/personal/terms/fibre-broadband-terms.
10. Singtel Benefit – Broadband (NetLink Trust Service Activation Charge Waiver)
10.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers can enjoy waiver of the NetLink Trust service activation charge
(worth $61.04 per port) when you sign up for a new fibre broadband plan, or apply for
relocation to shift your fibre broadband service to your new residence.
10.2 This benefit can be redeemed more than once by a Cardmember, every time a new fibre
broadband plan sign-up or relocation is performed.
10.3 To enjoy this benefit, Cardmember must inform the sales staff of your Singtel-UOB
Cardholder status at the point of sign-up, and show your Singtel-UOB Card upon request.
10.4 Applicable to new plan sign-ups performed in Singtel Shops & Singtel Exclusive Retailers.
10.5 In the event where the NetLink Trust service activation charge is not required, the waiver
amount cannot be used to offset any other charges.
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z10.6 For other terms and conditions relating to Singtel Fibre Broadband, please refer to
https://www.singtel.com/personal/terms/fibre-broadband-terms.
11. Singtel Benefit – Reward (Free 6 months of CAST Pack)
11.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers can redeem a free trial of one CAST pack. You may choose
between the Education Pack, Entertainment Pack or Lifestyle Pack. The trial period is for
6 months.
11.2 The free trial period begins upon successful subscription to the CAST pack. After the trial
period ends, a recurring monthly subscription fee of S$9.98 per month shall apply for your
continued subscription to the selected CAST pack and will be charged to your Singtel
Broadband account.
11.3 To enjoy this benefit:
(a) For existing Singtel-UOB Cardmembers (whose Card application is approved before
27 August 2025), please contact Singtel customer service for instructions;
(b) For new Singtel-UOB Cardmembers (whose Card application is approved on or after
27 August 2025), please refer to the instructions and sign-up link in the welcome mailer
sent along with your card mailer upon your successful application for the Card .
11.4 This benefit can only be redeemed once per customer. Customers who are currently
subscribed to any of these CAST packs are not eligible to redeem this benefit for the same
CAST pack but may redeem this benefit for a different CAST pack. For the avoidance of
doubt, customers redeeming this benefit may also redeem the benefit under Clause 9
(Singtel Benefit – Broadband (Free 12 months of CAST Pack)) for a different CAST pack.
11.5 All CAST content, including complimentary channels, provided to customers is subject to
change, removal, replacement, or addition from time to time at Singtel’s sole discretion.
Customer may not request for any changes to the content packs. An eligible residential or
CIS Singtel Postpaid mobile number is required to sign up for CAST through your Singtel
mobile bill. Corporate or GOMO mobile customers may sign up for CAST under the credit
card option. For other terms and conditions relating to CAST, visit
www.cast.sg/termsandconditions.
12. Singtel Benefit – Reward (Free 6 months of Taste of Red)
12.1 You can redeem complimentary access to Taste of Red for 6 months.
12.2 To enjoy this benefit and sign up for Taste of Red:
(a) For existing Singtel-UOB Cardmembers (whose Card application is approved before
27 August 2025), please contact Singtel customer service for instructions;
(b) For new Singtel-UOB Cardmembers (whose Card application is approved on or after
27 August 2025), please refer to the instructions and sign-up link in the welcome mailer
sent along with your card mailer upon your successful application for the Card.
12.3 You may only redeem this benefit once as a Singtel-UOB Cardmember. After the
complimentary access period, there shall be no renewal or extension of Taste of Red
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Zaccess. You may upgrade to the full Singtel Red membership at any time during the
complimentary access period.
12.4 Existing Singtel Red and Taste of Red members are not eligible for this benefit.
12.5 For other terms and conditions relating to Taste of Red, visit
https://www.singtel.com/personal/my-account/rewards/taste-of-red/tncs.
13. Singtel Benefit – Roaming (Additional 1GB for Asia, Worldwide & Others Roaming Plans)
13.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers can enjoy an additional 1GB of roaming data, which will be
automatically provided when you purchase a ReadyRoam Asia, Worldwide or Others plan
(excluding the ReadyRoam Neighbours plan).
13.2 To enjoy this benefit, you must have already set up an Eligible Recurring Payment
Arrangement on your Singtel bills using your Singtel-UOB Card at the point of roaming plan
sign-up. Customers who have any of the eligible ReadyRoam plans automatically activated
once they travel, due to AutoReadyRoam, can also enjoy the additional 1GB of roaming
data.
13.3 The additional 1GB is valid for the same 30-day active plan period of the purchased
ReadyRoam plan, and for the same destination coverage. Unused data is not refundable
and cannot be carried forward.
13.4 The additional 1GB is not applicable on ReadyRoam plans that are automatically added
when you exceed your first ReadyRoam plan’s data bundle. This benefit offered under the
Singtel-UOB Card is not stackable with other similar benefits (additional 1GB for
ReadyRoam Asia, Worldwide & Others plans) offered under other rewards programmes
(e.g. Singtel Red, Singtel x NTUC).
13.5 For other terms and conditions relating to Singtel Roaming, please refer to
https://www.singtel.com/personal/terms/postpaid-mobile-terms#roaming.
14. Singtel Benefit – Roaming (Free 1 month of DataRoam Malaysia 6GB)
14.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers can enjoy 1 free month of DataRoam Malaysia 6GB (3-month
contract), in the form of a 100% discount on the 1st month.
14.2 To enjoy this benefit, you must have already set up an Eligible Recurring Payment
Arrangement on your Singtel bills using your Singtel-UOB Card at the point of roaming plan
sign-up. The discount will be reflected in your Singtel bill.
14.3 The DataRoam plan will be chargeable at the prevailing rate from the 2nd month onwards.
If the DataRoam plan is terminated before the end of the 3-month contract, the 2nd and 3rd
month for DataRoam Malaysia 6GB will still be charged to your bill.
14.4 Unused data will not be rolled over to the next month. If you exceed the 6GB monthly data
allowance, excess charges apply.
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z14.5 For other terms and conditions relating to Singtel Roaming, please refer to
https://www.singtel.com/personal/terms/postpaid-mobile-terms#roaming.
15. Singtel Benefit – GOMO (12% OFF 12 months of GOMO Infinity Plans) effective up till 10
September 2026
15.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers who successfully complete a new sign-up of an eligible GOMO
plan (namely the GOMO 5G+ Asia Infinity Plan & GOMO 5G+ Global Infinity Plan) on or
before 10 September 2026 can enjoy 12% off the prevailing monthly subscription price of
such eligible plan.. This benefit will cease after 12 months from the date of successful sign-
up.
15.2 This benefit can be redeemed multiple times by the same Cardmember, provided that each
redemption is made in respect of a new eligible GOMO plan sign-up/port-in. The discount
will be reflected in your GOMO bill or at the point of payment.
15.3 Applicable to new plan sign-ups performed online (via gomo.sg). To enjoy this benefit,
Cardmember must input the relevant Singtel-UOB Cardmember promo code at the point of
sign-up. Cardmembers may refer to the instructions and promo code in the welcome mailer
sent along with their card mailer upon their successful application for the Card, or refer to
the Cardmember-only welcome website.
15.4 This benefit will be removed under the following conditions:
• Removal of the Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement at any time (as per
clause 6.2)
• Failure of the monthly recurring payment for any reason
• Change of plan
• Transfer of line ownership
• Line suspension due to non-payment
15.5 Any request for refund or reinstatement of this benefit will not be entertained.
15.6 This benefit offered under the Singtel-UOB Card is not stackable with other ongoing
promotions unless otherwise stated. For general GOMO terms and conditions, please refer
to gomo.sg.
16. Singtel Benefit – GOMO (30% OFF 6 months of GOMO Infinity Plans) with effect from 11
September 2026
16.1 Singtel-UOB Cardmembers who successfully complete a new sign-up of an eligible GOMO
plan (namely the GOMO 5G+ Asia Infinity Plan or GOMO 5G+ Global Infinity Plan) on or
after 11 September 2026 can enjoy 30% off the prevailing monthly subscription price of
such eligible plan. This benefit will cease after 6 months from the date of successful sign-
up.
16.2 This benefit can be redeemed multiple times by the same Cardmember, provided that each
redemption is made in respect of a new eligible GOMO plan sign-up/port-in. The discount
will be reflected in your GOMO bill or at the point of payment.
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z16.3 Applicable to new plan sign-ups performed online (via gomo.sg). To enjoy this benefit,
Cardmember must input the relevant Singtel-UOB Cardmember promo code at the point of
sign-up. Cardmembers may refer to the instructions and promo code in the welcome mailer
sent along with their card mailer upon their successful application for the Card, or refer to
the Cardmember-only welcome website.
16.4 This benefit will be removed under the following conditions:
• Removal of the Eligible Recurring Payment Arrangement at any time (as per
clause 6.2)
• Failure of the monthly recurring payment for any reason
• Change of plan
• Transfer of line ownership
• Line suspension due to non-payment
15.5 Any request for refund or reinstatement of this benefit will not be entertained.
15.6 This benefit offered under the Singtel-UOB Card is not stackable with other ongoing
promotions unless otherwise stated. For general GOMO terms and conditions, please refer
to gomo.sg.
17. Visa payWave Reader and Transactions
13.1 The Visa payWave-enabled Card may be used to carry out card transactions at all Visa
point-of-sale terminals and at such other readers or systems as we may from time to time
approve. The first card transaction on a new Card shall be subject to such activation and
authentication procedures as we may in our sole and absolute discretion prescribe from
time to time.
13.2 As an additional usage avenue for your convenience, we have also made arrangements
for you to use your new Cards to effect card transactions at Visa payWave readers. A Visa
payWave reader is a point-of-sale device (as approved by us in our sole and absolute
discretion from time to time) at which the new Card may be used to execute card
transactions, either by tapping or waving the new Card against such reader without
requiring any signature, PIN or other authentication on your part.
13.3 Any usage of a new Card at any Visa payWave readers, if permitted by us shall be
subject to such terms and conditions as we and Visa may agree from time to time.
18. General Conditions
18.1 You hereby authorise that all Singtel Bills from the Singtel account specified in your Card
application, shall be charged to the Card, even if the Card has not been activated by you.
18.2 Neither Singtel nor UOB shall be responsible for any direct and/or indirect loss or damage
suffered by you or any person as a result of the redemption or usage of the benefits of the
Card.
18.3 If we or Singtel subsequently discovers that you are in fact not eligible to qualify for the
benefits of the Card, we may at our discretion, forfeit or reclaim the value of the benefits of
the Card awarded by charging to and debiting an amount equivalent to the value of the
benefits of the Card from any of your account.
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z18.4 We and Singtel have the absolute discretion to make decisions on all matters relating to or
in, including connection with the Card but not limited to the determination of whether you
have met all the requirements to enjoy the benefits of the Card. Our and Singtel’s decisions
shall be final, conclusive and binding on all parties concerned and no payment or
compensation will be given or paid by us or Singtel to you or any person. We or Singtel
shall not be obliged to give any reason or enter into any correspondence with any person
on any matter relating to the Card or its decision.
18.5 You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Parties against any and all
actions, claims, proceedings, costs (including legal costs incurred by the Indemnified
Parties in defending any such actions, claims or proceedings), liability, losses and
damages (direct and/or indirect) whatsoever which may be brought or commenced against
the Indemnified Parties by any person and/or which the Indemnified Parties may sustain,
incur or suffer, as the case may be, arising out of or in connection with or by reason of your
redemption or usage of the Card and the benefits of the Card.
18.6 We and Singtel reserve the right to vary/amend any or all of the benefits of Card and/or
these Terms without prior notice or assuming any liability to you, and you shall be bound
by these amendments. We and Singtel shall not be liable for any claims, costs, expenses,
losses or damages suffered by any person as a result of the aforementioned matters.
18.7 In the event of any inconsistency between the Terms and any advertising, promotional,
publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials relating to or in connection with the Card,
the Terms shall prevail.
18.8 The Card shall only be used for your own legitimate and genuine personal expenses and
shall not be used for commercial or other non-personal expenses.
18.9 You consent to and authorise Singtel to collect, use and/or disclose any information or
personal data of the Singtel-UOB Cardmember, in accordance to Clause 13 of Singtel’s
General Terms and Conditions and/or prevailing policies, where applicable.
18.10 UOB may deduct, re-compute, withdraw, forfeit and/or cancel any Cashback earned and/or
awarded and/or cancel and terminate your Card, without giving any reason or prior notice
or assuming any liability to you, if:
(a) spending on your Card account is deemed by UOB in its sole and absolute
discretion to be for commercial, illegitimate, ingenuine, commercial and/or non-
personal purposes; or
(b) your Card account is not in good standing and not conducted in a proper and
satisfactory manner at any time as determined by UOB in its sole discretion; or
(c) your Card account is overdue;
(d) UOB deems in its sole discretion that there is an abuse of the Cashback
programme (whether via unusual, illegitimate, and/or ingenuine transaction
activities or otherwise); or
(e) relevant Cashback was not earned from eligible transactions or if you fail to meet
the Qualifying Spend; or
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z(f) for any other reason that UOB may determine in its sole discretion.
18.11 No payment or compensation in respect of such deduction, re-computation, withdrawal or
cancellation will be made. In the event that your Card account is delinquent, voluntarily or
involuntarily closed or terminated or suspended for any reasons whatsoever before the
Cashback credited into your Card account, such Cashback earned shall be forfeited
without prior notice to you and you shall not be entitled to any compensation or payment
whatsoever.
18.12 By applying for or using this Card and in addition to any other consent you have already
provided to the Bank and Singtel and any right of the Bank and Singtel under applicable
laws, you consent to the Bank and Singtel and the necessary third parties collecting, using
and disclosing your information (including your personal data) for the purposes of this Card
and to contact you, including via voice call or text message.
18.13 The Bank shall not be responsible or liable in any manner for (i) any failure or delay or
mistake in the transmission or submission of card transactions and/or the Transactions by
any party (including but not limited to the card associations, acquiring merchants, merchant
establishments, postal or telecommunication authorities) for whatever reason; or (ii) any
breakdown or malfunction in any computer system or equipment; or (iii) any loss, expenses,
delays, mistake, neglect or omission in the awarding of the Cashback or your participation
in the Cashback programme.
18.14 The Bank reserves all rights to (i) substitute the Cashback; (ii) forfeit or reclaim the
Cashback where participant is subsequently discovered to be ineligible; (iii) amend or vary
the Card name or design; and (v) make determinations and decisions on all matters relating
to the Card which shall be final, conclusive and binding.
18.15 Unless expressly stated so, a person not a party to these Terms has no rights under the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 of Singapore to enforce these Terms.
18.16 While all the information provided herein is believed to be reliable at the time and date of
printing, we and Singtel make no representation or warranty whether express or implied,
and accepts no responsibility or liability for its completeness or accuracy.
18.17 These Terms shall be interpreted, construed and governed by the laws of Singapore and
you hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore Courts.
Date of publishing: 11 September 2026 v2.7
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z