American Express® True Cashback Card Benefits Terms and Conditions
GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS
To enjoy the privileges or benefits, Card Members must present their American Express True Cashback Card and all charges must be made to the
Card.
American Express reserves the right to change, suspend or terminate these privileges and/or benefits due to business reasons, change in contractual
terms with our partners, and/or unforeseen circumstances. The provision of services, activities or benefits stated is the responsibility of the respective
service establishment. Participation of service establishments is subject to change. American Express acts solely as a payment provider and is not
responsible or liable in the event that such services, activities or benefits are not provided or fulfilled by the service establishment. Card Members
acknowledge that any disputes in relation to the above are to be directed solely to the service establishment providing such services, activities or
benefits. In the event of any disputes, the decision of American Express shall be final.
Capitalized terms not herein defined have the same meanings given to them in the Card Member Agreement (The American Express True Cashback Card
– Terms and Conditions) below.
CASHBACK
3% Cashback Welcome Bonus
• As a welcome bonus, you will earn Cashback (as defined in the Cashback Terms and Conditions) at the rate of 3% on up to a total of S$5,000 of
purchases of eligible goods and services made on your account (which shall include both spending by you and your Supplementary Card
Members) in the first 6 months of your American Express True Cashback Card Membership, subject to the other Cashback Terms and Conditions
and any promotional offer we make. When the Cashback rate of 3% applies to a purchase of eligible goods or services during the welcome bonus
period, the Cashback rate of 1.5% will not be applied in addition to the Cashback rate of 3% to the same purchase. Purchases of goods and
services in excess of S$5,000 during the welcome bonus period will earn Cashback at the standard rate of 1.5%, subject to the other Cashback
Terms and Conditions and any other promotional offer we make. Please note that exclusions apply (see below for more information on non-
eligible purchases or transactions).
1.5% Cashback
• You will earn Cashback at the rate of 1.5% for purchases of goods and services on your Account, subject to the Cashback Terms and Conditions
and any promotional offer we make. The Cashback is calculated on the value of each purchase multiplied by the Cashback rate and the value of
each purchase will be rounded off to the nearest dollar before Cashback is calculated. The final Cashback amount for each purchase will be
calculated as the exact digits in the first two decimal places. We reserve the right to retract, deduct and/or re-compute any Cashback amount in
cases where we, in our absolute discretion, determine that there is any misuse and/or abuse of the Cashback program.
Cashback will be paid to you by crediting your Account and included in your monthly statement. We will only credit your Account if it is in good standing
and not overdue. Cashback will not be accrued for non-eligible purchases or transactions. Please visit go.amex/sgexclusions for a full list of non-
eligible purchases or transactions, which is non-exhaustive and is subject to changes from time to time
Please refer to the Cashback Terms and Conditions section in the Card Member Agreement for more details.
TRAVEL INCONVENIENCE AND TRAVEL ACCIDENT BENEFITS
Travel Inconvenience Insurance and Travel Accident Benefits are underwritten by Chubb Insurance Singapore Limited. To receive free travel
insurance benefits of up to S$350,000, Card Member(s) must charge the entire fare to the American Express True Cashback Card. Other terms
and conditions apply. For full set of Travel Inconvenience and Accident Insurance Terms and Conditions, please visit here.
Terms and Conditions | Trademarks | Privacy Statement
American Express International Inc., (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989. americanexpress.com.sg
Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard,
Singapore 018989. americanexpress.com.sg
Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company.
© Copyright 2026 American Express Company.The American Express®
True Cashback Card
Terms
Conditions
andTHE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
IMPORTANT
Please read these Terms and Conditions thoroughly. If you keep or use the
American Express True Cashback Card, you will be agreeing to these Terms and
Conditions and they will govern your use of the Credit Card. If you do not wish to
accept these Terms and Conditions, please cut the Credit Card in half and return
the pieces to us as soon as possible.
1. Definitions
In these Terms and Conditions, the following words shall have the respective
meanings set out hereunder unless the context otherwise requires:-
“Account” means any Account maintained by us under these Terms and Conditions.
“Available Credit Limit” means the Credit Limit less previous balance less all
new charges.
“Basic Credit Card Member” means the individual in whose name the American
Express True Cashback Card Account is maintained.
“Cash Advances” means any cash advance obtained by use of a Credit Card,
PIN or otherwise authorised by you for debit to the Account.
“Charge” means a transaction made or charged with the Credit Card, whether or
not a Record of Charge form is signed, and also includes Cash Advances, Express
Cash transactions, balance transfers, fees, interests, taxes and all other amounts
you have agreed to pay us or have agreed to be liable for under these Terms
and Conditions.
“Closing Balance” means the total sum of the Basic Credit Card Member’s and
Supplementary Credit Card Member’s (if any) liabilities according to our records
on the date of issue of the statement.
“Credit Card” means the American Express True Cashback Card and the American
Express True Cashback Supplementary Card or either of them (where applicable).
“Credit Limit” means the maximum amount which we allow to be charged to
your Account.
“Establishment” means a person, company, firm, proprietorship, partnership,
business or organisation which accepts the American Express True Cashback Card
in payment for goods and/or services.
“GST” means Goods and Services Tax in Singapore.
“Payment Due Date” means the date specified in the statement for payment of the
Closing Balance or any part thereof (including the minimum payment).
“PIN” means the personal identification number given by us or chosen by you for
use with the Credit Card.
“Supplementary Credit Card Member” means an individual other than the
American Express True Cashback Basic Credit Card Member to whom a Credit
Card is issued and whose Charges are chargeable to the Basic Credit Card
Member’s Credit Card Account.
“Terms and Conditions” means the terms and conditions set out herein and by
which the use of the Credit Cards shall be governed and shall include all
modifications and supplementals thereto from time to time.
“We”, “our”, “us”, “Amex” and “American Express” mean American Express
International Inc. “You” and “Your” means the American Express True Cashback
Basic Card Member or where appropriate, the Supplementary Credit Card
Member(s).
The headings in these Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and shall
not affect the interpretation of the provisions in these Terms and Conditions.
Unless the context otherwise requires or permits, references to the singular
number shall include references to the plural number and vice versa and references
to natural persons shall include bodies corporate.
1THE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
2.Use of the Credit Card
You must (i) sign the Credit Card issued to you in ink as soon as you receive it
and before you use it; (ii) keep any PIN secret and separate from the Credit Card;
(iii)only use the Credit Card within the validity dates shown on its face;
(iv)not give the Credit Card or your Account number to others or allow them to use
it for Charges, identification or any other purpose. If you do so, you will be liable for
all Charges incurred on the Credit Card as a result; (v) not return any goods, tickets
or services obtained with the Credit Card for a cash refund, but you may return
them to an Establishment for credit to your Account, if that Establishment agrees
or is obliged to do so; (vi) not obtain credit to your Account for any reason other
than as a refund for goods or services previously purchased with the Credit Card;
(vii) not use the Credit Card if a petition for your bankruptcy has been filed,
unless the petition is withdrawn, or if you do not honestly expect to be able to make
the minimum required repayment in full on receipt of your monthly statement; and
(viii) not use the Credit Card for any unlawful purchase.
3. Liability
If you are the Basic Credit Card Member, you are liable to us for all Charges on
the Basic Credit Card and any Supplementary Credit Card(s) issued at your
request; and you agree that all these Credit Card(s) will be used in a manner
consistent with these Terms and Conditions. If you are a Supplementary Credit
Card Member, you agree to use each Supplementary Credit Card bearing your
name in a manner consistent with these Terms and Conditions and you will be
jointly and severally liable with the Basic Credit Card Member for all Charges made
in connection with the Supplementary Credit Card. All communication sent or
given to the Basic Credit Card Member or the Supplementary Credit Card Member
is deemed to be sent or given to both. We have the right to appropriate all
payments made by you in the manner we deem fit, notwithstanding any
instructions given to us at the time of such payment. In the event that we receive
contradicting instructions from the Basic Credit Card Member and the
Supplementary Credit Card Member(s), we may, in the exercise of our discretion,
then only act on the instructions of the Basic Credit Card Member.
4. Credit Limit
We will determine your Credit Limit in respect of each Account. We may revise any
of your Credit Limit(s) at our discretion without prior notice, and you will be informed
of this. Your Credit Limit will also be shown on your monthly statement together
with the amount of available credit at the statement closing date. You must not
exceed the Credit Limit. Your Credit Limit will be cancelled if your Account is
cancelled. If you fail to settle the minimum payment due on or before the payment
due date, American Express reserves the right to revise the Credit Limit. You will not
be entitled to interest on credit balances on your Account. If you have more than
one Card issued by American Express, the Credit Limit is a combined Credit Limit
for all the Card Accounts and the total indebtedness on the Card Accounts must not
exceed the Credit Limit. If your total indebtedness exceeds the Credit Limit, you
must make immediate payment of any excess above the Credit Limit.
5.Express Cash
Express Cash is available for Credit Card Members with more than six (6) months’
Credit Card Membership. If you wish to obtain Cash Advances with the Credit Card,
you may apply for enrolment in the Express Cash facility. To do so you must
complete and submit an enrolment form. We may decline your application at
our discretion. A PIN will be required to obtain Cash Advances with the Credit Card.
You can withdraw up to 20% of your Credit Limit subject to your available balance
and up to US$1,000 for overseas withdrawals in cash every 14 days. We may
vary this amount from time to time. The applicable interest rate, handling charges,
transaction charges and other terms and conditions for Express Cash transactions
will be communicated to you. For Express Cash, the handling fee for each
transaction shall be 5% of your withdrawal amount. Finance charges at 26.90% p.a.
will be charged upon the withdrawal date until the withdrawal amount and relevant
fees are paid in full.
2THE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
6. Annual Fee
Annual fees are payable for use of the Basic Credit Card and each Supplementary
Credit Card at such rates as we communicate to you from time to time. Any fee
reductions or waivers which may be offered by us from time to time may be
withdrawn or restricted by us at any time.
7. GST
You shall be solely responsible for any GST, including any tax of a similar nature
that may be substituted for it or levied in addition to it chargeable by law on
any payment we are required by law to collect and pay in respect of such GST.
8. Interest
(i) You must pay interest on each Charge at the annual percentage rate shown on
your statement from the date it is debited to your Account until it is fully repaid,
except where an interest free period applies under (ii) below. (ii) Interest is not
payable on a Charge (other than a Cash Advance or balance transfer) if – you
paid the full Closing Balance on your previous monthly statement by the
minimum payment due date; and – you also pay the full Closing Balance on your
current monthly statement by the minimum payment due date. (iii) Interest, if
payable, is calculated by multiplying – the daily balance of Charges on which
interest is payable; by the daily percentage rate (annual percentage rate divided by
360); and then – adding up the daily interest charges for the applicable period. (iv)
Interest, if payable, is debited to your Account on the last date of each statement
period and is shown on your statement.
9. Variation of Interests, Fees and Charges
We are entitled, due to changes in the business, legal and/or competitive
environment and at our absolute discretion, to vary or determine at any time and
from time to time the amounts, rates, types and/or basis of calculation of all
interests, fees and charges payable by you herein. Any changes of interests, fees
and charges may be contained in the statement and shall be effective from such
date as we may specify. We may debit to your Account and/or request that you pay
the same on demand as we deem fit.
10.Monthly Statement
We will send you a statement once a month for each billing period during which
there is any activity or a balance outstanding on your Account. The statement
will identify Purchases, Cash Advances, balance transfer transactions, fees and all
other Charges, payments and credits to your Account during the billing period. The
statement will also disclose to you the interest charge, statement date, opening
balance, new Charges, credits, Closing Balance, Credit Limit, available Credit
Limit at statement date, Payment Due Date and minimum payment.
The time between successive monthly statements will vary depending upon the
number of business days in the month. You agree to notify us in writing of any
omission from or error on the statement within 22 days of the date of the
statement. If you do not do so, the statement shall be conclusive and binding on
you.
11. Minimum Payment
(i)The monthly statement will show the minimum payment you need to pay us
which will be 3% of the outstanding balance plus the total sum of any overdue
minimum payment and late payment charges, and any amount exceeding your
Credit Limit, or S$50 whichever is greater. (ii) The minimum payment is due and
payable by you to us on or before the Payment Due Date. Payment takes place
only when we receive it and credit it to your Account
–not when you send it. (iii) You will be required to pay us immediately if your
Account is overdue or you exceed your Credit Limit. The amount you must pay
will be notified on your statement. (iv) You may pay more than the minimum
amount due, pay us before the Payment Due Date, pay us more than once during
the billing period or pay the balance outstanding on your Account at any time. (v)
You must always pay us in Singapore Dollars via the payment methods notified by
us to you. You may also authorise your financial institution to debit directly from
your account with them the total amount of the minimum payment due in
the monthly statement (”Direct Debit”).
3THE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
If you select Direct Debit, we will advise you of the terms and conditions governing
its operation. (vi) If we decide to accept payment in another currency, we shall
convert our payment to Singapore Dollars at our rate and credit it to your Account.
(vii) If we receive a draft or other payment instrument from or for you that is not
honoured in full, you agree to pay us the dishonoured amount plus any reasonable
collection costs and legal fees weincur. If you pay us through Direct Debit and our
debit to your account with a financial institution is not honoured in full, you agree to
pay us the dishonoured amount plus any reasonable collection costs and legal
fees incurred by us. We may charge a handling fee for any dishonoured payment
order.
12.Late Payment Charge
If we do not receive payment of the minimum payment due shown on the monthly
statement by the Payment Due Date, we reserve the right to impose a late payment
charge of S$100 per month or any other rate as may be determined by us and
notified to you from time to time.
13.Suspension/Termination
(i) BY YOU: You can terminate this Agreement at any time by giving us written notice
and returning to us all Credit Cards issued for use on the Account. Termination will
only be effective when we receive all such Credit Cards and payment of all amounts
outstanding in respect of the Account. You can cancel the use of a Credit Card by
Supplementary Credit Card Member by notifying us in writing but you will remain
liable for all Charges incurred by the Supplementary Credit Card Member. (ii) BY
US: We can suspend the use of any Credit Card or terminate this Agreement at any
time without having to give any reason or notice. Where we terminate the
Agreement all monies outstanding on the Account (including Charges or Cash
Advances not yet debited) will become due and payable immediately and you shall
pay default interest thereon at the annual percentage rate shown on your statement
or at such other rate as may be determined by us from time to time, from the date
of termination until full payment. We may inform Establishments of cancelled Credit
Cards. If the Credit Card is cancelled you must cut it in half and return both halves
to us at once. You must hand it over to any Establishment that so requests or to any
third party nominated by us. You agree not to use the Credit Card after it has been
cancelled.
14.Authorisation
Certain charges may need to be authorised by us before they will be accepted by
an Establishment. We have the right to refuse authorisation for any Charge, Cash
Advance or balance transfer transactions without giving any reason or prior notice
notwithstanding that the Credit Limit has not been exceeded and we shall not be
liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damage resulting from such refusal.
When we give an Establishment permission to charge your Account, we assume the
transaction will take place and therefore reduce the Credit Limit on your Account
by the sum authorised.
15.Foreign Exchange Charges
If we receive a transaction or refund for processing in a currency other than
Singapore Dollars (“Foreign Charge”), our currency conversion affiliate, AE
Exposure Management Limited (“AEEML”) will convert it into US Dollars first
(unless it was submitted to us in US Dollars) and convert it from US Dollars into
Singapore Dollars. The conversion will take place on the date the Foreign Charge is
processed by American Express, which may not be the same date on which the
Foreign Charge was made as it depends on when the Foreign Charge was submitted
to American Express. Exchange rate fluctuations can be significant.
The exchange rate AEEML uses, which is called the “American Express Exchange
Rate”, will be:
• the rate required by applicable law or used as a matter of local custom or
convention in the territory where the transaction or refund is made (in
which case AEEML will look to be consistent with that custom or
convention), or where this doesn't apply;
• based on interbank rates selected from customary industry sources on
the business day prior to the processing date.
4THE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
We will increase the Foreign Charge by a single conversion commission of 3.25%.
The American Express Exchange Rate is set each day from Monday to Friday
including public holidays except for Christmas Day and New Year’s Day.
You acknowledge that any refund of a Foreign Charge may be different to the
Foreign Charge amount originally processed on your Card Account. The difference
is generally because:
a) the refund and Foreign Charge may be processed on different days with
different rates;
b) the refund may be only a partial refund for the Foreign Charge; or
c) where third parties convert charges in foreign currency, those third parties
may treat refunds differently to the original foreign currency charge.
When making a transaction in foreign currency, you may be given the option to
allow a third party (for example, the retailer) to convert the transaction into
Singapore Dollars before submitting it to us. If you decide to do this, then that third
party will determine the exchange rate and any commission or fees payable for the
currency conversion and submit that transaction to us in Singapore Dollars,
meaning we will not convert the transaction or apply a currency conversion fee.
It is your decision whether to use such third party currency conversion or not and
in such cases, you should check the fees and charges before completing the
transaction to ensure that you do not pay more than necessary.
16.Disclosure of Insurance Arrangements
We identify insurance providers and products that may be of interest to some of
our customers. In this role, we do not act as an agent or fiduciary for you, and we
may act on behalf of the insurance provider, as permitted by law. We want you to be
aware that we receive commissions from providers and commissions may vary by
provider and product. Also, in some cases, an American Express entity may be the
reinsurer and may earn reinsurance income. The arrangements we have with
certain providers, including the potential to reinsure products, may also influence
what products we identify. We do not require you to purchase any insurance
product, and you may choose to cover your insurance needs from other sources
on terms they may make available to you.
17.Lost, Stolen or Misused Credit Cards
You agree to notify us by telephone or otherwise, immediately if the Credit
Card is lost, stolen, mutilated, not received when due or if you suspect that the
Credit Card is being used without your permission. You shall be liable for any
unauthorised use of the Credit Card to the extent permitted by law. You shall
not be liable for any unauthorised Charges made after you have given notice to
us, and your liability for unauthorised Charges effected before such notice shall
be limited to S$100 or the equivalent thereof provided that you have acted in
good faith and with reasonable care and diligence in safeguarding the Credit
Card and in promptly notifying us. We may also require you to lodge a police report
and furnish us with a copy thereof. The retrieval of the original Credit Card
must immediately be reported to us and it must be cut in half and the pieces
returned to us.
18.Change of Particulars
You must notify us immediately of any change(s) in your name, address and
contact numbers.
19.Billing Errors or Enquiries/Problems with Goods or Purchases
If you have a problem with your monthly statement, please contact us at once and
we will take reasonable steps to assist you by providing such information as may be
necessary in relation to Charges charged to your Account. We may charge a
reasonable administrative fee for statement reprints or duplicate Record of Charge
forms. If an Establishment issues a credit slip in respect of a Charge, we will,
upon receipt, credit the amount shown on that credit slip to the Credit Card
Account.
No dispute with or claim against an Establishment shall entitle you to any right of
set-off or counterclaim against us. We shall not be liable to you for goods or services
supplied by any Establishment, or the quality or performance of any goods or
services, charged with the Credit Card or if an Establishment refuses
5THE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
to accept the Credit Card. You must raise any claim or dispute directly with
the Establishment concerned and, subject to any law to the contrary, you are
not entitled to withhold payment from us because of such claim or dispute.
20. Renewal/Replacement/Additional Cards
The Credit Card will be valid until the expiration date printed on the face of the Credit
Card. It is understood and agreed that you are requesting us to issue to you a
renewal, replacement or additional card (including any new card(s) from us on such
terms and conditions that will be provided to you for acceptance) before the current
Credit Card expires or is cancelled by us.
If you are the Basic Credit Card Member, you are also requesting us to issue to any
Supplementary Credit Card Member(s) renewal, replacement or additional
supplementary credit card(s) (including any new supplementary card(s) from us on
such terms and conditions that will be provided to you and/or the Supplementary
Credit Card Member(s) for acceptance) before the current Supplementary Credit
Card(s) expire or are cancelled by us. We will bill renewal fees for the Account
annually. We will continue to issue renewal or replacement Credit Cards and
Supplementary Credit Card(s) unless any of the events in Clause 13 above occurs.
We retain the right to refuse to issue and/or suspend dispatch of renewal,
replacement or additional cards at our discretion.
21.Exchange Controls and Tax
You must comply with any and all applicable exchange control and tax laws
and regulations affected by the use of the Credit Card, and you agree to indemnify
us against any consequences of your failure to comply with these laws and
regulations.
22. Data Protection and Use of Personal Data
22.1 Disclosure of Personal Information
You agree that any information provided in the application form, at our request or
otherwise collected, including information relating to your Supplementary Card
Members, during the operation of your Account (“Personal Information”) and any
data derived from your Personal Information may be disclosed to: (i) companies
within the worldwide American Express group of companies (“Amex Group
companies”); (ii) third parties who process transactions submitted by merchants
on the American Express network where you use the Credit Card worldwide; (iii)
processors and suppliers we or Amex Group companies may engage; (iv) the
providers of services and benefits associated with your Account; (v) consumer
credit bureaus, collection agencies and lawyers; (vi) parties who accept the Credit
Card in payment for goods and/or services purchased by you; (vii) parties who
distribute the Credit Card; (viii) any other co-branded partner of Amex set out
in the Terms and Conditions governing use of your Account; (ix) banks, financial
institutions, government agencies, statutory boards or authorities in Singapore or
elsewhere; (x) anyone to whom we may transfer contractual rights; and (xi) any
other party approved by you or to whom you have given your consent or to whom
we consider it in our interests to make such disclosure.
22.2 Use of Information
We may use your Personal Information, including in aggregated form or combined
with other information for any of the following purposes: (i) Delivering our products
and services to you, including the management and operation of your Account; (ii)
Improving our products and services and to conduct research and analysis; (iii)
For marketing purposes where you have provided your consent to us for the same,
and with such consent, we (including our affiliates and related corporations and
their employees and agents) and our third party service providers may be sending
and providing you with marketing information and/or documents relating to
products, services and/or events that we or third party organizations we
collaborate with, may be selling, marketing, offering, organizing, involved in or
promoting, whether existing now or created in the future; (iv) Managing risks
relating to our business, including credit risk, fraud risk and operational risk;
Your data may also be used for other purposes for which you give your specific
permission, or when required by law, or where permitted under the terms of
the Personal Data Protection Act 2012.
22.3 Supplementary Credit Card Members
Where we have been asked to issue a supplementary card: (i) you consent to us
disclosing to the Supplementary Credit Card Member details about the status of
your Account including details of transactions, the outstanding balance and details
6THE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
of any overdue payments; (ii) you consent to the Supplementary Credit Card
Member providing us with Personal Information about you for additional
7THE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
identity authentication purposes, to register for on-line services and to access
enhanced and new services; and (iii) Supplementary Credit Card Members will
not be permitted to change any of your Personal Information without your express
consent.
22.4 Third Party Consents
Where you provide us with information relating to a third party (including
Supplementary Credit Card Members), or where you purchase goods and/ or
services on behalf of a third party, you confirm and warrant that you have informed
and obtained consent, if necessary, of that third party to the processing of his or
her information by American Express (and where relevant, other parties) in
accordance with this paragraph 22. In respect of Supplementary Credit Card
Members, this may include the use of his or her details for marketing purposes or
disclosure for the purposes set out in detail in the Consumer Credit Bureau section
below.
22.5 Marketing
Where you have given consent to receive marketing offers from us, we (including
our affiliates and related corporations and their employees and agents) and our
third party service providers may be sending and providing you with marketing
information and/or documents relating to products, services and/or events that
we or third party organizations we collaborate with, may be selling, marketing,
offering, organizing, involved in or promoting, whether existing now or created in
the future by (a) telephone/voice calls and by SMS (text messages); and (b) postal
mail and e-mail; and (c) way of the internet or using other electronic means. You
agree that your consent will remain in place until you withdraw it.
If you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent previously provided to us to
send you marketing information or documents, you may do so by going to
americanexpress.com.sg/mychoice to update your privacy preferences at any
time. We will also, from time to time, contact you to ensure that the information we
hold about your marketing preferences is up to date.
22.6 Consumer Credit Bureau
We will exchange your Personal Information with consumer credit bureaus and
carry out credit checks and other assessments. We may inform the bureaus of the
current balance on your Account and we may tell them if you do not make payments
when due. They will record this information and may share this with other
organizations in accordance with their legal powers and obligations.
22.7 Electronic or Telephone Communication
If you contact us by any electronic means, we may record the telephone number
or internet protocol address, associated with that means of contacting us at the
time. We may also monitor and/or record telephone calls between us to assure the
quality of our customer service.
22.8 International Transfer of Data
Your Personal Information may be processed, accessed or disclosed (in
accordance with this paragraph 22) in countries outside Singapore when you travel
or make foreign purchases and for the purpose of administering your Account. In
such cases, we will take appropriate steps to ensure the same level of protection
for your information in other countries outside Singapore.
22.9 Retention of Information
We keep Personal Information for the purposes described in this paragraph 22
for as long as is appropriate to fulfil our legal obligations in accordance with
applicable law.
22.10 Access and Correction
You are entitled at any time to request access to information held by us about you
or your Account and to update and correct such information. You agree that Amex
may impose a modest charge to cover the costs of complying with such requests.
Please make such requests in writing to the Data Privacy Officer, American Express
International Inc., 1 Marina Boulevard #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore
018989.
23. Instalment Goods and Services
If you use the Credit Card to buy goods or services, such as insurance, requiring
recurring or instalment payments, you authorise us to pay such
8THE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
instalments for you when due and you agree to pay us for the same when we bill
you. You must tell us in writing if you no longer wish us to pay premiums or
instalments for you. If your Credit Card Account or the Credit Card is suspended or
cancelled we will stop paying premiums or instalments for you.
24. Our Property
Although for your use, all Credit Cards remain our property at all times. This means
you must return the Credit Card to us if we should so request. Therevocation,
repossession or request for the return of the Credit Card is not, and shall not
constitute any reflection on your character or creditworthiness and we shall not
be liable in any way for any statement made by any person requesting the return
or surrender of the Credit Card.
25. Our Liability
We are not liable in any way to you for any inconvenience, embarrassment,loss,
damage (including but not limiting to consequential loss or special damage), cost
or expense of any nature suffered or incurred by you or by any other person
in respect of or in connection with the Credit Card and/ or this Agreement. We
are also not liable if we are unable to perform our obligations under this Agreement
due directly or indirectly to the malfunction or failure of any machine or
communication system or transmission link or any automated teller machine,
defect or damage of the Credit Card, industrial dispute, war, Act of God or anything
beyond our control or the control of our servants or agents. If we are unable to
produce or send a statement to you for any reason whatsoever, we are not liable
to you in any way and your liabilities and obligations under this Agreement will
not be prejudiced and will continue to accrue.
26. Changing, Amending and Adding to These Terms and Conditions
We have the right to change or amend these Terms and Conditions or add new
terms and conditions at any time due to changes in the business, legal and/or
competitive environment. Any such changes or amendments or additions will
become effective and binding on you upon notification to you by any means as
we deem fit. If you do not accept any such changes or amendments or additions to
these Terms and Conditions, you may cancel the Credit Card by cutting it in half
and returning both halves to us. You will still be liable for all Charges incurred and all
other obligations under these Terms and Conditions until the Account is repaid in
full.
27. Notices
We shall be entitled to send any notice to you by electronic mail, short message
service (“SMS”), facsimile transmission, personal delivery or ordinary post to your
address last known to us. Any notice as sent by us shall be deemed to be received
by you (if sent by facsimile transmission or personal delivery) on the day of
despatch or (if sent by electronic mail or SMS) when left at the last email address
or telephone number known to us, or 1 day immediately after the date of posting
if sent by ordinary post addressed to your last known address.
28. No Waiver of Our Rights
No forbearance, delay or failure on our part to exercise any power or right under
any of these Terms and Conditions shall operate as a waiver of such power or right,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of such power or right preclude any further
exercise of that or any other power or right.
29. Assignment
We may assign any of our rights under these Terms and Conditions or the Accounts
at any time without your consent to our parent, a subsidiary, a related company
or an associate company in Singapore or elsewhere.
30. Governing Law
(a) These Terms and Conditions are governed by Singapore law. All Credit Card
Members submit themselves to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
of Singapore. (b) We may serve any legal or court document including any writ,
statutory demand, bankruptcy application or any legal, enforcement or bankruptcy
process in respect of any claim, action or proceeding by leaving it at, or sending
it by ordinary post to your last known address, or sending it electronically to
your last known email address or via any mobile phone or devices or other
messaging services. These documents and/or messages would then be deemed
to have been
9THE AMERICAN EXPRESS® TRUE CASHBACK CARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
properly served on you on the date of delivery if it is delivered by hand, or
on the date immediately after the date of posting if it is sent by post
(notwithstanding that it may be returned to us undelivered) or on the date of
sending if it is sent electronically or digitally. Service of legal process in the
aforesaid manner shall be deemed to be good and effective service of such legal
process on you even if the documents including electronic mails and/or messages
are not received by you or subsequently returned undelivered. Nothing in this
clause shall affect our right to serve any legal or court document in any other
manner permitted by law.
31.Rights of Third Parties
Except by a person who is our assignee pursuant to Clause 29 above, a person who
is not a party to this Agreement shall not enforce any of these Terms and Conditions
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001.
32. Indemnity
You must indemnify and keep us fully indemnified against all claims, demands,
actions and proceedings which may be made against us and in respect of any
and all damages, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including legal costs on
a full indemnity basis) which may be incurred, sustained or suffered by us, directly
or indirectly, due to the use or misuse of the Credit Card(s), negligence, misconduct
or breach of any of these Terms and Conditions on your part and/or any other act,
thing or matter arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.
33. Other Terms and Conditions
The use of any Credit Card is also subject to other Terms and Conditions governing
the use of other facilities or benefits which may from time to time be made available.
10CASHBACK TERMS AND CONDITIONS
WHAT IS THIS DOCUMENT?
These Terms and Conditions govern the Cashback program associated with your
Credit Card Account (Account) for the award of cashback for purchases of eligible
good and services (referred to as “Cashback”). When you accept the agreement for
your Account or continue to use your Account, you agree to be bound by these
terms. These Terms and Conditions replace any previous versions you have
received relating to the Cashback program.
Earning Cashback
1.5% Cashback
• You will earn Cashback at the rate of 1.5% for purchases of eligible goods and
services on your Account, subject to the Cashback Terms and Conditions and any
promotional offer we make. The Cashback is calculated on the value of each
purchase multiplied by the Cashback rate and the value of each purchase will be
rounded off to the nearest dollar before Cashback is calculated. The final
Cashback amount for each purchase will be calculated as the exact digits in the
first two decimal places.
3% Cashback Welcome Bonus
• As a welcome bonus, you will earn Cashback at the rate of 3% on up to a total of
S$5,000 of purchases of eligible goods and services made on your account
(which shall include both spending by you and your Supplementary Card
Members) in the first 6 months of your American Express True Cashback Card
Membership, subject to the other Cashback Terms and Conditions and any
promotional offer we make. When the Cashback rate of 3% applies to a purchase
of eligible goods or services during the welcome bonus period, the Cashback
rate of 1.5% will not be applied in addition to the Cashback rate of 3% to the same
purchase. Purchases of goods and services in excess of S$5,000 during the
welcome bonus period will earn Cashback at the standard rate of 1.5%, subject to
the other Cashback Terms and Conditions and any other promotional offer we
make. Please note that exclusions apply (please see below for more information
on on non-eligible purchases or transactions ).
For example:
•If you make a purchase of $19.50 – Cashback will be calculated on
$20 ($19.50 rounded up to the nearest dollar) and the Cashback earned is
$0.30 (1.5% x $20.00 = $0.30).
•If you make a purchase of $19.49 – Cashback will be calculated on
$19 ($19.49 is rounded down to the nearest dollar) and the Cashback earned is
$0.28 (1.5% x $19 = $0.285 - exact digits down to the first two decimal places).
We reserve the right to retract, deduct and/or re-compute any Cashback amount
in cases where we, in our absolute discretion, determine that there is any misuse
and/or abuse of the Cashback program.
Paying Cashback
Cashback will be paid to you by crediting your Account and included in your monthly
statement. Purchases that were charged to your Credit Card but have yet to be
posted to your Account will not be taken into account for purposes of Cashback
computation for such month but will however be taken into account for Cashback
computation in the following month when the purchases have been posted to your
Account. We will only credit your account if it is in good standing and not overdue.
Cashback is not redeemable for cash (including through a credit balance refund) or
a credit to your Account, except as set out in these Terms and Conditions. The
payment of Cashback does not count towards the payment of your minimum
amount on your Account. Cashback earned by Supplementary Credit Card
Members (and any negative adjustments) will automatically accrue to the Basic
Credit Card Member’s Account.
Transactions that do not earn Cashback
•Cashback will not be accrued for non-eligible purchases or transactions. Please
visit go.amex/sgexclusions for a full list of non-eligible purchases or
transactions, which is non-exhaustive and is subject to changes from time to
time.
•A negative adjustment will be made to your Cashback balance if there are
any credits posted to your account including those arising from returned goods
or services or from billing disputes calculated in the same way as you earn
Cashback.
11CASHBACK TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Losing your Cashback
You will stop earning and receiving Cashback rebates if your Account is not in good
standing and/or is overdue. You will start earning Cashback again when payments
to your Account are up to date.
Cancellation of Account
If your Account is cancelled you will lose the Cashback that has been earned
but not yet been applied to your Account as a monthly credit.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We may change these Terms and Conditions, including the rate at which you earn
Cashback with reasonable notice to you. If the change is not to your disadvantage,
we will still tell you about it but may make the change sooner. We will give you notice
by statement message, post, email or otherform of electronic communication.
Termination of these Terms and Conditions
We may terminate these Terms and Conditions if we cancel or terminate your
Account in accordance with the Card Member Agreement (The American Express
True Cashback Card – Terms and Conditions).
We may also terminate these Terms and Conditions by giving you at least 30 days’
notice without any explanation. If we do so, we may offer you a different product or
replace these Terms and Conditions with a new set of Terms and Conditions that
covers different benefits.
Language and Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions and all dealings between us are governed by the
laws of Singapore and the courts of Singapore will have non-exclusive jurisdiction
over us and you.
Taxes, Duties and Exchange Control
You must pay any government tax, duty or other amount imposed by law in
any country in respect of these Terms and Conditions and any Cashback paid to
you.
12American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard,
Singapore 018989. americanexpress.com.sg
Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company.
© Copyright 2026 American Express Company.
02/21
E629027GS