INTERNAL
Standard Chartered Smart Credit Card Promotion Terms and Conditions
1. To be eligible for the Standard Chartered Smart Credit Card Rewards Promotion (“Smart Rewards
Promotion”), you must hold a valid Standard Chartered Smart Credit Card (the "Smart Card") issued
by Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited ("SCB" or the “Bank”) as a cardholder (“Smart
Cardholder”).
2. The Smart Card account must be valid (i.e. must not be suspended, cancelled or terminated), in good
standing, and conducted in a proper and satisfactory manner as determined by the Bank in its
discretion.
3. Under the Smart Rewards Promotion, Smart Cardholders will be eligible to earn 360° Rewards Points
on Eligible Retail Transactions (based on transaction posting date). Please see Clause 10 below
for excluded transactions.
4. The spends made by both the Principal and Supplementary Smart Cardholders will be aggregated
for the purposes of calculating the total 360° Rewards Points under this Smart Rewards Promotion.
360° Rewards Points awarded pursuant to Clause 7 below (whether because of spends on the
principal or supplementary Smart Card) will be credited to the principal Smart Card account.
5. The proposition of the Smart Card allows Smart Cardholders to earn both Base and Bonus 360°
Rewards Points. “Bonus Merchant Transactions” are spends charged to the Smart Card at the
following merchants:
Bonus Merchant Transactions
Smart Dining Smart Streaming Smart Transport
• Burger King • Amazon Prime Video • BUS/MRT via SimplyGo
• Domino’s Pizza • Disney+ • Electric Vehicle (EV)
• KFC • HBO GO charging merchants under
• McDonald’s • iQIYI Merchant Category Code
• Pizza Hut • Netflix 5552*
• Starbucks • Spotify
• Subway • Viu
• The Coffee Bean & Tea • YouTube
Leaf
• Toast Box
• Ya Kun Kaya Toast
Base 360° Rewards Points are awarded for all other Eligible Retail Transactions which are not
Bonus Merchant Transactions.
*Bonus 360° Rewards Points earned from spends charged to EV charging merchants is only
applicable from 6 December 2024 to 31 December 2026. Bonus 360° Rewards Points earned from
Version 13 November 2025INTERNAL
this Bonus Merchant Transaction, subject to meeting the minimum amount of Eligible Retail
Transactions each month, will be credited within 4 months of the transaction date and will not follow
the crediting schedule specified in Clause 8.
6. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no cap to the number of Base and Bonus 360° Rewards Points
a Smart Cardholder can earn each month. “Month” for purposes of this Smart Rewards Promotion
means the period from the statement date of the current calendar month to one day prior to the
statement date of the following calendar month.
7. Smart Cardholders earn 360° Rewards Points following the amount of Eligible Retail Transactions
charged to the Smart Card each month. Refer to the table below:
Amount of Eligible Bonus Merchant Other Eligible Total Rewards
Retail Transactions in Transactions Transactions Points for Bonus
the month (Bonus Rewards (Base Rewards Merchant
Points) Points) Transactions
≥ S$1,500 28.8 points 3.2 points 32.0 points
(equivalent to additional (equivalent to (equivalent to
9% cashback) 1% cashback) 10% cashback)
≥ S$800 24.0 points 1.6 points 25.6 points
(equivalent to additional (equivalent to (equivalent to
7.5% cashback) 0.5% cashback) 8% cashback)
< S$800* - 1.6 points 1.6 points
(equivalent to (equivalent to
0.5% cashback) 0.5% cashback)
*From 1 April 2025, Smart Cardholders will earn the Base Rewards Points of 1.6 points for all Eligible
Retail Transactions (equivalent to 0.5% cashback) if the minimum spends of S$800 month is not met.
Version 13 November 2025INTERNAL
Refer to the table below for an illustration on how Base and Bonus 360° Rewards Points are computed:
Eligible Retail Bonus 360° Base 360° Total 360°
Transactions in a month Rewards Points Rewards Points Reward Points
(no cap) (no cap)
Bonus Merchant 600 x 28.8 = 17,280 1,500 x 3.2 = 4,800 22,080 (equivalent to
Transactions: S$600 S$69 cashback)
Other Eligible
Transactions: S$900
Total: S$1,500
Bonus Merchant 300 x 24.0 = 7,200 800 x 1.6 = 1,280 8,480 (equivalent to
Transactions: S$300 S$26.50 cashback)
Other Eligible
Transactions: S$500
Total: S$800
8. Base 360° Rewards Points will be aggregated and credited to the Smart Card on the statement cycle
date. Bonus 360° Rewards Points will be aggregated and credited to the Smart Card one day after
the Card’s statement cycle date. For example, if the Smart Card’s statement cycle is on the 19th,
Base 360° Rewards Points earned in the period will be credited on the 19th and Bonus 360° Rewards
Points earned in the period will be credited on the 20th.
9. The Smart Cardholder can use the 360° Reward Points earned to redeem for cashback set out in the
manner of Part D of the Credit Card Terms. A minimum block of 3,200 360° Rewards Points is required
to redeem for S$10 cashback. 360° Reward Points awarded are valid for 3 years from the date of
opening of the credit card account (“Initial Period”). 360° Reward Points awarded after the initial
period will be valid for a further period of 3 years from the date the Initial Period ends.
10. Selected transactions set out in Standard Chartered Credit Card Retail Transaction Exclusions will
not be considered as Eligible Retail Transactions and are not eligible to earn any 360° Rewards
Points.
11. All Eligible Retail Transactions must be charged to the Smart Card. The Bank is not responsible for
any failure or delay in the transmission of the transactions by any party including but not limited to
acquiring merchants, merchant establishments, or any telecommunication provider.
General
12. The annual fee for the Smart Card is waived off for the first year. Thereafter, an annual fee of S$91
(excluding prevailing GST) will be charged. Refer to the Credit Card pricing guide for more information
on the Smart Card’s fees and charges.
13. By activating the Smart Card, you consent to the use of your personal data for marketing purposes,
including but not limited to the use of your telephone number to contact you about products and
Version 13 November 2025INTERNAL
promotions offered by the Bank from time to time via telephone email address, SMS or Electronic
Direct Mail. Such consent will supersede any prior choices made by you.
14. The Bank reserves the right to vary, modify or delete any of the terms and conditions governing the
Smart Rewards Promotion including terminating or withdrawing the Smart Rewards Promotion or
varying or removing the 360° Rewards Points and/or cashback to be awarded to Smart Cardholders
without prior notice or reason. The Smart Cardholder agrees and consents to be bound by any such
variation.
15. The Bank reserves the right to determine in its sole and absolute discretion all matters arising out of
or in connection with the computation of Smart Points pursuant to this Smart Rewards Promotion,
including whether Smart Cardholders have met all requirements of this Smart Rewards Promotion,
whether amounts charged to a Smart Card are eligible to qualify for this Smart Rewards Promotion,
and whether a Smart Cardholder’s transaction is classified as an Eligible Retail Transaction or
otherwise. The Bank’s determination of all matters arising out of or in connection with this Smart
Rewards Promotion shall be final and conclusive and no correspondence will be entertained.
16. In the event the Bank has determined that a Smart Cardholder has irregularly or wrongly redeemed
any gifts/vouchers/cashback/rebates/privileges from the Bank, or where the Bank has knowledge of
subsequent events which would mean that the Smart Cardholder would not have been entitled to
redeem the gifts/vouchers/cashback/rebates/privileges (including but not limited to where the charges
used to meet the minimum spend were reversed or refunded), the Bank reserves the right to claw
back the gifts/vouchers/cashback/rebates/privileges or to deduct the value of the gifts / vouchers /
cashback / rebates / privileges (or such other amount as it deems fit) from the Smart Cardholder’s
account(s) with the Bank.
17. These Smart Rewards Promotion Terms and Conditions are to be read in conjunction with our
Customer Terms, Credit Card Terms, Standard Chartered 360° Rewards Programme ("Other Terms").
In the event of any inconsistency between these terms and the Other Terms, these terms prevail only
to the extent of such inconsistency.
18. The Bank accepts no liability for the goods and services provided by any merchant or service provider.
In case of any disputes, the decision of the Bank and the respective merchants shall be final.
19. A person who is not a party to these Terms and Conditions has no right under the Contracts (Rights
of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any of the Promotion Terms and Conditions.
20. The Standard Chartered Smart Credit Card Promotion Terms & Conditions are governed by and shall
be construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore, and you agree to submit to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore.
21. All information is correct at the time of printing or posting online.
Version 13 November 2025