Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING THE VOYAGE CREDIT CARD PROGRAMME
The VOYAGE Credit Card Programme (“Programme”) is a programme that, inter alia, offers
VOYAGE Miles (as defined below) as rewards which can be used for redemption of airline
tickets and hotel bookings, and access to exclusive benefits, privileges and offers, and is made
available to all OCBC VOYAGE Credit Card cardmembers, Premier VOYAGE Credit Card
cardmembers, Premier Private Client VOYAGE Credit Card cardmembers and Bank of
Singapore VOYAGE Credit Card cardmembers (“Cardmember” and, collectively,
“Cardmembers”) pursuant to the Terms and Conditions set out below.
These Terms and Conditions together with the terms of the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement
and OCBC Rewards Terms of Use, as may be amended, modified and supplemented by
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC Bank”) from time to time, shall govern
and apply to the Programme. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms
and Conditions, the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement and the OCBC Rewards Terms of Use,
these Terms and Conditions shall prevail in so far as they relate to the Programme.
All terms and references used in these Terms and Conditions and which are defined or
construed in the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement but are not defined or construed in these
Terms and Conditions shall have the same meaning and construction when used in these
Terms and Conditions.
Usage of the Card (as defined below) will be deemed acceptance by the Cardmember of the
Terms and Conditions of the Programme, the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement and the OCBC
Rewards Terms of Use.
1. VOYAGE MILES ACCRUAL
1.1 As a reward for incurring spend on their respective VOYAGE Credit Cards (each, a “Card”),
all Cardmembers will, subject to the terms and conditions of the Programme, be awarded
VOYAGE Miles (“VOYAGE Miles”) at the rates set out below:
OCBC VOYAGE Credit Card only
1.1.1. Overseas Spend: earn 11 VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 equivalent charged in foreign
currency to the Card, which is equivalent to 2.2 VOYAGE Miles per $1 spend. For the avoidance
of doubt, any overseas retail spend charged to the Card in Singapore dollars will earn 6.5
VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 equivalent spend, which is equivalent to 1.3 VOYAGE Miles per
$1 spend.
1.1.2 Local Spend: earn 6.5 VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 retail spend charged to the Card,
which is equivalent to 1.3 VOYAGE Miles per S$1 spend.
1.1.3 Every S$5 made on AXS Pay + Earn transactions will earn 5 VOYAGE Miles, which is
equivalent to equivalent to 1 mile per S$1 spend.
OCBC Premier VOYAGE Credit Card and Bank of Singapore VOYAGE Credit Card only
Overseas Spend: earn 11.5 VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 equivalent charged in foreign
currency to the Card, which is equivalent to 2.3 VOYAGE Miles per $1 spend. For the avoidance
of doubt, any overseas retail spend charged to the Card in Singapore dollars will earn 8
VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 equivalent spend, which is equivalent to 1.6 VOYAGE Miles per
S$1 spend.Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
1.1.4 Local Spend: earn 8 VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 equivalent spend, which is equivalent
to 1.6 VOYAGE Miles per $1 spend.
1.1.5 Every S$5 made on AXS Pay + Earn transactions will earn 5 VOYAGE Miles, which is
equivalent to 1 mile per S$1 spend.
OCBC Premier Private Client VOYAGE Credit Card only
1.1.6 Overseas Spend: earn 11.5 VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 equivalent charged in foreign
currency to the Card, which is equivalent to 2.3 VOYAGE Miles per $1 spend. For the avoidance
of doubt, any overseas retail spend charged to the Card in Singapore dollars will earn 8
VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 equivalent spend, which is equivalent to 1.6 VOYAGE Miles per
S$1 spend.
1.1.7 Local Spend (excluding Dining): earn 8 VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 equivalent spend,
which is equivalent to 1.6 VOYAGE Miles per $1 spend.
1.1.8 Local Dining Spend: earn 11.5 VOYAGE Miles for every S$5 equivalent charged in foreign
currency to the Card, which is equivalent to 2.3 VOYAGE Miles per $1 spend
1.1.9 Every S$5 made on AXS Pay + Earn transactions will earn 5 VOYAGE Miles, which is
equivalent to 1 mile per S$1 spend.
1.1.10 VOYAGE Miles shall be awarded to the Cardmember based on the amount of each Card
transaction charged to the Card Account, rounded down to the nearest whole number.
1.2 All VOYAGE Miles accrued have no expiration date.
1.3 For avoidance of doubt, all VOYAGE Miles earned shall be calculated based on each block
of S$5 charged to the Card per transaction, and Cardmembers shall not be entitled to any
partial or pro-rated award of any VOYAGE Miles for any amount charged that does not amount
to a S$5 block. Amounts charged in multiple transactions will not be combined to make up a
S$5 block. As an illustration, a OCBC Premier VOYAGE customer who spends in foreign
currency spend with an amount between S$10 and S$14.99 in a single transaction charged in
foreign currency can earn 23 VOYAGE Miles (i.e. 11.5 VOYAGE Miles for each block of S$5
spent). However, a customer who spends S$4.90 in a single transaction charged in foreign
currency, or who spends S$2.50 in one transaction and S$2.50 in another transaction charged
in foreign currency, will not be awarded any VOYAGE Miles.
Excluded Transactions
1.4 No VOYAGE Miles will accrue if the Card spend was incurred in connection with any of the
following spend categories:
1.4.1 All Card fees and charges, Card annual fees, membership fees, renewal fees, interest,
late payment charges;
1.4.2 Balance Transfer or charges incurred for any Balance Transfer facility;
1.4.3 Cash-on-Instalment facility or charges incurred for any Cash-on-Instalment facility;
1.4.4 Instalment payment plan, extended payment plan, cash advances;
1.4.5 Financial transactions that includes financial services such as money transfers, money
orders, traveller cheques and securities brokerage payments; andOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
1.4.6 Recurring payments for utilities and telecommunication services.
1.4.7 In addition, transactions made with the following Merchant Category Codes (“MCC”) will
not earn VOYAGE Miles:
Merchant
Description
Description
Code
(MCC)
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4829 Wire Transfer Money Orders (WTMOs)
4900 Utilities–Electric, Gas, Heating Oil, Sanitary, Water
5047 Medical, Dental, Ophthalmic and Hospital Equipment and Supplies
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5960 Direct Marketing Insurance Services
5993 Cigars, Stores and Stands
6010 Member Financial Institution–Manual Cash Disbursements
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency, Non-
6051
Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting and Premiums
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers–Rentals
6540 Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Cleaning, Maintenance and Janitorial Services
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-
7995
Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8099 Singhealth
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and VocationalOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Organizations, Charitable and Social Service
8651 Organizations, Political
8661 Organizations, Religious
8675 Automobile Associations
8699 Organizations, Membership–Not Elsewhere Classified (Labor Union)
9211 Court Costs Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
9402 Postal Services–Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases–Government Only
1.4.8 For avoidance of doubt, you will still earn VOYAGE Miles (for all applicable cards) for
transactions to Private Hospitals as indicated below:
Merchant Merchant Description
Mount Elizabeth Hospital *MOUNT ELIZABETH SING
Mount Alvernia Hospital MOUNT ALVERNIA HOSPITAL*
Farrer Park Hospital FARRER PARK HOSPITAL*
Gleneagles Hospital GLENEAGLES HOSPITAL*
Thomson Medical Centre THOMSON MEDICAL PTE LTD*
Parkway East Hospital PARKWAY EAST HOSPITAL*
Raffles Hospital RAFFLES HOSPITAL*
1.4.9 Transactions under Transportation and Tolls MCC 4111/4121/4131 except for
transactions with Grab Transport, Gojek and licensed taxi operators (including, without
limitation, Comfort/Citycab/ Transcab/SMRT Taxi/ Premier Taxi/ Prime Taxi/ HDT Taxi). For
avoidance of doubt, you will still earn VOYAGE Miles for transactions with Grab Transport,
Gojek and licensed taxi operators (including, without limitation, Comfort/Citycab/ Transcab/
SMRT Taxi/ Premier Taxi/ Prime Taxi/ HDT Taxi) for all applicable Cards.
1.4.10 Funds to prepaid accounts and merchants who are categorised as "payment service
providers", which include (without limitation) EZ-Link, NETS FlashPay, eNETS, SAM, Transit
Link, AXS, GrabPay, Youtrip, Shopee Pay and Singtel Dash. The exclusions are not exhaustiveOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
and may be subject to changes from time to time. OCBC Bank has the absolute discretion to
determine whether any prepaid account or merchant is considered a “payment service
provider”.
1.4.11 Transactions made with any “professional services provider” which includes and not
limited to GOOGLE Ads, Facebook Ads, Amazon Web Services, MEDIA TRAFFIC AGENCY
INC. OCBC Bank has the absolute discretion to determine which provider is considered a
“professional services provider”.
1.4.12 Transactions made under all payment channels via Singhealth.
1.4.13 The list of exclusions are not an exhaustive list and are subject to changes from time to
time.
1.5 OCBC Bank reserves the right to revoke, deduct and/or recompute any VOYAGE Miles
awarded in the event a Cardmember fails to effect due payment for the Card transactions and/or
if the account is closed or terminated by the Cardmember or OCBC Bank, as the case may be.
1.6 OCBC Bank reserves the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the
Cardmember to claw-back, deduct, withdraw or cancel any VOYAGE Miles or other
rewards/rebates awarded to the Cardmember for any reason whatsoever, and without any
liability to the Cardmember.
1.7 OCBC Bank reserves the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the
Cardmember to debit, charge and/or deduct from any of the Cardmember’s accounts with
OCBC Bank and/or demand the Cardmember to repay or compensate to OCBC Bank, the
monetary value equivalent of any VOYAGE Miles or other rewards/rebates awarded to
the Cardmember, for any reason whatsoever, and without any liability to the Cardmember.
Further, if any Cardmember wishes to close his/her Card Account but such Card Account has
an insufficient or negative VOYAGE Miles (or such other reward/rebate) balance for any reason
whatsoever, OCBC Bank reserves the right to debit, charge and/or deduct from any of the
Cardmember’s accounts with OCBC Bank, and/or demand the Cardmember to repay or
compensate to OCBC Bank, the monetary value equivalent of the amount of VOYAGE Miles
(or such other reward/rebate) in deficit. OCBC Bank reserves the right to determine and revise
from time to time the rate of conversion used for the purpose of computing the monetary value
equivalent of the VOYAGE Miles (or such other reward/rebate) to be deducted.
1.8 No person shall be entitled to any payment or compensation whatsoever in respect of any
claw-back, deduction, withdrawal or cancellation of any VOYAGE Miles or other
rewards/rebates awarded to the Cardmember, or any debit, charge or deduction or demand for
the monetary value equivalent of any VOYAGE Miles (or such other reward/rebate), made by
OCBC Bank, for any reason whatsoever.
1.9 The VOYAGE Miles cannot be transferred, assigned or carried on to any other card issued
by OCBC Bank.
1.10 A sign up/renewal bonus (“Bonus”) as determined by OCBC Bank at OCBC Bank’s
absolute discretion will be awarded to Cardmember within 24 hours of the non-refundable
S$498 Annual Service Fee charge. For the avoidance of doubt, the S$498 Annual Service Fee
will be charged upon the approval of Card and at the renewal date and will be reflected in the
relevant VOYAGE Card statement. For the avoidance of doubt, the S$498 Annual Service Fee
is payable once OCBC Bank has approved the issuance and at the subsequent annual
anniversary dates of the Card to a Cardmember and such Cardmember is liable to pay suchOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
fees regardless of whether he/she decides to cancel or terminate the Card at any point in time.
1.11 The VOYAGE Miles awarded, including any Bonus awarded by OCBC Bank, to each
Principal Cardmember will be reflected in the relevant Principal Cardmember’s monthly Card
statement, and will also be available for viewing via OCBC app > Rewards.
2. TRANSFER SERVICE (“SERVICE”)
2.1 The one-way Service is available at a rate of S$80 to all Principal Cardmembers. This
Service is only available for use by Cardmembers for transfers between Cardmember’s
residential address in Singapore registered with OCBC Bank and the below authorised airports
or authorised points of entry/departure:
2.1.1 Changi International Airport – all Terminals 1, 2, 3 and 4
2.1.2 Seletar Airport
2.2 Each Principal Cardmember shall be entitled to book the Service. This entitlement is not
transferable, and the Principal Cardmember must be present for each Service. Cardmembers
must book the one-way service through OCBC app at least 48 hours, and up to 3 months, in
advance before the anticipated time of arrival at the airport. Cardmembers will be required to
provide the necessary details to fulfil the ride. Upon the confirmation of the booking of the
Service, Cardmembers will receiving a confirmation notice via email or such other mode of
communication as may be determined by OCBC Bank from time to time.
2.3 The designated vehicle types for all Booking Requests are:
Vehicle Models No of Passengers No of Luggage
Sedan 3 2
MPV 4 4
The vehicle models are pre-determined at the sole discretion of OCBC Bank and the Service
Provider and are subject to change without prior notice.
Please note that if the number of passengers or luggage exceeds the maximum capacity, the
service provider will have to reject the trip for safety reasons and to abide with the road traffic
regulations. Please book an additional vehicle to accommodate more passengers or luggage if
needed.
2.4 Excess charges incurred on the Service (if any), must be charged by the Cardmember to
the Card.
2.5 Any changes or cancellations to any Service booking must be communicated to OCBC
Bank through the VOYAGE Exchange email or hotline at least 48 hours prior to the
Cardmember’s pick-up time as stated in the booking. Late cancellations (less than 48 hours
before designated pick-up time) and no shows will be charged to Cardmember at S$80 per
booking.
2.6 For pick-ups from Changi International Airport, Cardmembers are encouraged to book their
airport limousine pick up based on their estimated flight arrival times (ETA) to allow the airport
limousine service provider to track changes in flight timing.
2.7 A grace period of 15 minutes waiting time will be given for any Service booking. Thereafter,
excess minutes will be rounded up in blocks of 15 minutes. Each block of 15-minute waitingOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
time will be charged at S$10. If the waiting time exceeds 45 minutes (including the 15-minute
grace period), the booking will be considered as cancelled and S$80 cancellation fee shall
apply.
2.8 Extra stop service will only be provided at the Principal Cardmember’s prior request when
making the booking at a rate of 2,000 VOYAGE Miles per stop. In the event of insufficient
VOYAGE Miles, S$20 will be charged per stop in place of the deduction of 2,000 VOYAGE
Miles, provided that the stops requested for are on the way to the final destination (guideline:
within 5km deviation from the routing).
2.8.1 If a Cardmember charges at least S$12,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currency) on
his/her Card within a quarter in the eligible spend categories detailed in section 1 of these
Terms and Conditions, the Principal Cardmember will be awarded with two complimentary one-
way Service. A maximum of two complimentary one-way Service may be awarded to a Principal
Cardmember in a quarter. A “quarter” refers to each of the 4 quarters in a calendar year i.e.
January to March, April to June, July to September, October to December (for example, if a
Card is opened on 15 February, the Cardmember has to meet the qualifying spend of S$12,000
before 31 March, to be awarded two complimentary one-way Service). A complimentary one-
way Service is valid for three months from the date of award (the “validity period”) and can be
utilised (i.e. Service is booked and consumed) any time within the validity period unless
otherwise stated. For the avoidance of doubt, if other charges are incurred in connection with
the Service by the Cardmembers (e.g. the Service is used more than twice in the same month,
any midnight surcharges, extra stop service charges etc), the Cardmember will continue to be
liable for such charges incurred. Any such charges will be reflected with charge description and
date of service. The complimentary one-way Service will expire if not utilised by the
Cardmember within the validity period. If the complimentary one-way Service accumulated by
the Principal Cardmember has been fully utilised, or expired as it was not utilised during the
validity period, 8,000 VOYAGE Miles or S$80 will be charged automatically to the Principal
Cardmember’s Card upon booking of the Service.
2.9 Determination as to whether the S$12,000 (for two complimentary one-way Service) eligible
spend requirement has been met shall be determined by the transactions conducted in the
relevant month (transaction date(s) based on Singapore Timing (UTC+08:00)). For avoidance
of doubt, the date on which a transaction is submitted or posted may differ from the actual date
that transaction was made and OCBC Bank bears no liability for any late submission or
transaction posting of any purchase by any merchant that might affect the calculation of the
eligible spend. Any transactions charged to the Card but which have yet to be posted to the
Card Account will not be taken into account to calculate whether the eligible spend requirement
has been met. The complimentary one-way Service will be awarded to the Cardmember’s
account in the OCBC app (Rewards > Limo Booking) once the eligible spend requirement has
been met. The Cardmember’s available “Limo Rides” balances will be shown in the
Cardmember’s account in OCBC app at (Rewards> Limo Booking) and will also be displayed
on the Cardmember’s monthly Card statement.
3. VOYAGE MILES REDEMPTION
3.1 VOYAGE Miles that have been accrued by Cardmembers can be used by Cardmembers
to redeem airline tickets, hotel accommodations and/or other travel related arrangements made
available for redemption from time to time (collectively, “Travel Arrangements”). The
Cardmember may only redeem those VOYAGE Miles registered and credited to the
Cardmember’s Card Account at the time of making the redemption. The records of OCBC BankOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
shall be conclusive evidence in respect of the number of VOYAGE Miles registered and credited
the Cardmember’s Card Account.
3.2 Cardmembers can submit their VOYAGE Mile redemption request via Travel with OCBC or
by calling the VOYAGE Exchange Hotline (+65 6593 9999) which is managed by the Concierge.
The fulfilment of any VOYAGE Miles redemption request is subject to the availability of the
Travel Arrangements requested for.
3.3 Where a Travel Arrangement is fulfilled in part by the redemption of VOYAGE Miles and in
part by monetary payment, the Cardmember shall fulfil the monetary payment component of
the VOYAGE Mile redemption request by charging the outstanding amount to his Card
Account.
3.4 All VOYAGE Miles redemption requests made by any Cardmember shall be binding on
such Cardmember and OCBC Bank shall be entitled to act and rely on such instructions.
3.5 If Cardmembers need to cancel or amend their VOYAGE Miles redemption request, they
can call the VOYAGE Exchange Hotline (+65 6593 9999) to make this request. If the
cancellation or amendment request can be accommodated, OCBC Bank shall (where
applicable), arrange for the relevant VOYAGE Miles or monies to be credited back to the
Cardmember’s Card Account. If the cancellation or amendment request cannot be
accommodated, all Cardmembers agree to be bound by the terms of their original VOYAGE
Miles redemption request.
3.6 Each Cardmember may be charged an administration fee for the processing and handling
of any cancellation or amendment VOYAGE Miles redemption request. Please call the
VOYAGE Exchange Hotline (+65 6593 9999) for more information about such fees.
3.7 VOYAGE Miles are not exchangeable or redeemable for cash.
3.8 Any transfer, exchange, or conversion of cash credit which has been redeemed by
VOYAGE Miles, to any of the Cardmember’s current and savings accounts is also strictly
prohibited. The cash credit can only be utilised for the sole purpose of offsetting the credit
balance in the Cardmember’s Card Account. The cash credit is strictly not exchangeable or
redeemable for cash.
4. VOYAGE MILES REDEMPTION
For VOYAGE Miles redemption related terms, please refer to the OCBC Rewards Terms of
Use here (OCBC webpage > Personal Banking > Digital Banking > Rewards > Terms &
Conditions > OCBC Rewards Terms of Use). This Programme enables Cardmembers to
convert their VOYAGE Miles to miles under the miles programmes of Loyalty Partners listed on
OCBC Rewards or such other website as OCBC may deem appropriate.
5. DRAGONPASS AIRPORT LOUNGE PROGRAMME (“AIRPORT LOUNGE
PROGRAMME”)
5.1 As part of the benefits under the VOYAGE Credit Card Programme, the Cardmember will
have access to selected airport lounges and receive certain benefits and services pursuant to
the terms of the Airport Lounge Programme. Details of such benefits and services can be found
on www.ocbc.com/personal-banking/cards/voyage-credit-card-rewards
5.2 The Cardmember will be able to gain access to the respective lounge by registering for a
profile on DragonPass Global App. The lounge staff will check the membership details on the
DragonPass Global App and match the Cardmember’s name with boarding pass of the sameOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
date. This membership is not transferable.
5.3 The Principal Cardmember is entitled to unlimited complimentary visits and Supplementary
Cardmembers are entitled to 2 complimentary visits per calendar year to selected lounges
worldwide (go to https://www.dragonpass.com/explore for full lounge listing). Entitlements will
be renewed every calendar year unless otherwise communicated via official communications
from OCBC Bank e.g SMS, updates on ocbc.com/voyage etc. Set meals and restaurants
benefits are excluded. Visits by any accompanied guest of the Principal or Supplementary
Cardmember, will be charged a rate of US$32 per visit. Accompanying infants (aged 2 below)
can visit the selected lounges referenced in this Clause 5.3 free of charge.
5.4 The participation by the Cardmember in the Airport Lounge Programme may be subject to
such fees or charges as may be imposed by OCBC Bank from time to time. In addition, the
Cardmember agrees that he/she will be liable to all costs, expenses and fees (including without
limitation, all taxes and levies) incurred in connection with the use of the Airport Lounge
Programme.
5.5 The Cardmember agrees that access to the Lounge is subject to the Lounge Programme’s
Condition of Use (the “Condition of Use”), which is available at www.ocbc.com/personal-
banking/cards/voyage-credit-card-rewards. OCBC Bank has no control over the opening times,
facilities, service or personnel of any of the Dragon Pass lounges participating in the Dragon
Pass Lounge Programme. The Cardmember agrees that the said lounges are subject to the
administrative procedures of the individual lounge operators and such procedures may be
altered, changed or modified without prior notification to OCBC Bank.
5.6 All queries, complaints, requests for assistance and the like (collectively, the “Requests”)
are to be made to OCBC Bank and these will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
6. VOYAGE EXCHANGE CONCIERGE
6.1 The Cardmember will have access to a concierge service provider (the “Concierge”). The
Concierge is a third-party service provider who has been engaged by OCBC Bank to provide
concierge services to the Cardmembers and is not affiliated to OCBC Group in any way. The
Cardmember may request the Concierge to source for information, services, benefits or
products (collectively, the “Concierge Services”) for them. Cardmembers can reach the
Concierge by calling the Concierge Hotline (+65 6593 9999).
6.2 The right to use the Concierge is personal to the Cardmember.
6.3 The Concierge has the absolute discretion not to provide or make any arrangement that is
requested by the Cardmember if in its opinion, the provision of such Services would be in
contrary to any laws or regulations or in the opinion of the Concierge, it is not possible to provide
any such Concierge Services or the provision of any such Concierge Services is immoral or
against public interests.
6.4 Although the Concierge Services provided are complimentary, all non-Concierge Service-
related costs shall be borne by the Cardmember. Examples of such costs include but shall not
be limited to the cost of physical goods that the Cardmember has instructed the Concierge to
purchase. The Cardmember agrees that he/she will only use the Card to pay for any goods or
services obtained via the Concierge.
6.5 All orders or requests made by the Cardmember to the Concierge are subject to verification
by OCBC Bank. Failure by the Cardmember to provide information to the Concierge as per
OCBC Bank’s records may invalidate the Cardmember’s concierge request.Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
6.6 In connection with the provision of Concierge Services, the Concierge will communicate
with the relevant third parties on the Cardmember’s behalf. However, in cases where the
Concierge deems that it is more appropriate for the Cardmember to contact or communicate
with any third party directly, the Concierge will inform the Cardmember accordingly, and it
becomes the Cardmember’s sole responsibility to communicate with the relevant third party.
6.7 Third party suppliers may impose their own terms and conditions in connection with the
provision of the goods and/ or services, the Cardmember agree to be bound by such terms and
conditions, where applicable.
6.8 Customs duties and other relevant taxes or levies (collectively, “Taxes”) may be imposed
at any time on the Concierge Services requested by the Cardmember and the Cardmember
shall be liable to pay all such Taxes. Any additional associated costs or third-party expenses
(which includes, without limitation, any handling charges) (collectively, “Additional Charges”)
incurred in the procurement, provision or the delivery of the Concierge Services shall also be
paid for by the Cardmember. If applicable, the Cardmember hereby authorises OCBC Bank to
debit or charge such Additional Charges and the Taxes to the Card Account.
6.9 At all times, the Cardmember must ensure that the Card is able to cover the cost of the
goods and services purchased pursuant to the Concierge Service, the Taxes and the Additional
Charges. In the event that there are insufficient funds in the Card Account, the Cardmember
shall be liable to indemnify OCBC Bank for any losses, damages, claims (whether claimed from
third parties or otherwise), liabilities, expenses and funds incurred by OCBC Bank as a result
of the Cardmember’s inability to pay for the outstanding amounts incurred in the Card Account.
6.10 If the Concierge is unable to process any request made by a Cardmember, it will inform
the Cardmember as soon as reasonably practicable. OCBC Bank shall not be liable in anyway
if the Concierge and or the relevant third-party supplier is unable to provide the Cardmember
with the goods and/or services requested for.
6.11 No representation or warranty whatsoever (including without limitation any representation
or warranty as to accuracy, usefulness, adequacy, timeliness or completeness) is given by
OCBC Bank in respect of any information obtained by the Cardmember as a result of their
usage of the Concierge. OCBC Bank shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage
whatsoever arising directly or indirectly howsoever in connection with or as a result of any
person acting on or relying on any information provided in connection with the Cardmember’s
usage of the Concierge Service.
6.12 The Cardmember shall not be entitled to cancel any Concierge Service request once it
has been made. In the event the Cardmember insists on a cancellation, the Cardmember will
be required to pay whatever costs that may be imposed by the third-party supplier as a result
of the cancellation. The Cardmember shall also be liable to all losses and damages or any other
costs that may be suffered or incurred by OCBC Bank as a result of the cancellation of the
Concierge Service request.
6.13 Use of Cardmember’s personal data in relation to the Concierge Service
6.13.1 To enable the Cardmember to enjoy seamless service when accessing the Concierge
Services, OCBC Bank will share the Cardmember’s personal data (including name, date of
birth, address, mobile number and e-mail address) with the Concierge. Such personal data will
be used by the Concierge to attend to the Cardmember’s request for Concierge Services from
time to time, and the Cardmember hereby consents to such disclosure by OCBC to the
Concierge and vice versa.Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
6.13.2 The Concierge may ask the Cardmember to provide further personal data in addition to
the type of personal data referred to in clause 6.13.1, where such data is necessary to carry
out the Cardmember’s request. The Cardmember acknowledges that the Concierge may not
be able to fulfil the Cardmember’s request if he / she does not consent to the disclosure of such
additional data to the Concierge.
6.12.3 As the Concierge only acts as an intermediary between the Cardmember and third- party
service providers or suppliers (the "Third-Party Suppliers") who actually deliver the services
or goods ordered by the Cardmember through the Concierge, the Concierge may share the
Cardmember’s personal data with Third-Party Suppliers in order to process the Cardmember’s
requests. The Cardmember acknowledges that the Concierge and / or the Third-Party Suppliers
may not be able to fulfil the Cardmember’s request if he / she does not consent to the disclosure
of his/her personal data to the Third-Party Supplier.
6.13.4 The Cardmember’s personal data may be disclosed for the following purposes: a. if the
Concierge is required or authorized to do so by applicable law or in connection with legal
proceedings; b. if a request is made to the Concierge to do so by a court or government
authority; c. if the Concierge believe(s) that such disclosure (i) is necessary to protect or defend
their rights, any aspect of the Concierge’s service or the Cardmember; (ii) may prevent any
physical or financial harm; or (iii) is necessary for any investigation, prevention or action related
to illegal activities, suspected fraud or a situation involving a potential threat to the security of a
person; provided that the Concierge shall, to the extent practicably possible or permissible by
law or regulations, prior to such disclosure consult with the Cardmember as to the proposed
form, nature and purpose of the disclosure.
6.13.5 If a Cardmember: a. has any questions or feedback relating to the collection, use,
disclosure or processing of his/her personal data by the Concierge; b. wishes to withdraw
his/her consent to any such use of his/her personal data by the Concierge; or c. wishes to
obtain access and make corrections to his/her personal data records with the Concierge the
Cardmember may approach the Concierge via personaldata@voyagemiles.com.
7. CALTEX
Cardmembers are entitled to receive a 19% onsite discount for Caltex Platinum 98/Premium
95/Regular 92 with Techron® and Caltex Diesel with Techron® D Caltex at all Caltex stations
in Singapore, when they make petrol purchases with their Card.
8. ACCESS TO EXCLUSIVE BENEFITS, PRIVILEGES AND OFFERS.
8.1 As part of the features of the VOYAGE Credit Card, Cardmembers will be granted access
to exclusive benefits, privileges, offers and promotions (the “Exclusive Benefits”).
8.2 For avoidance of doubt, depending on the nature of the relevant benefit, privilege, offer or
promotion, the Exclusive Benefits may be offered on a general basis to all Cardmembers, or
on a targeted basis to specific groups or segments of the Cardmembers.
8.3 The Exclusive Benefits may be communicated to Cardmembers through such means and
channels as may be determined by OCBC Bank at its absolute discretion, and Cardmembers
are hereby deemed to have consented to OCBC Bank sending such communications to the
Cardmembers.
8.4 OCBC Bank shall not be responsible or liable to any Cardmember in the event that anyOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
Exclusive Benefit(s) is/are not communicated to the relevant Cardmember for any reason
whatsoever.
9. GENERAL
9.1 The benefits made available to Cardmembers pursuant to the terms of the Programme are
not exchangeable or refundable for cash, credit or kind.
9.2 OCBC Bank shall have the right to use agents, contractors or correspondents or any other
third party as it deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to administer and/or
implement the Programme and OCBC Bank shall not be liable to any person for any act,
omission or neglect on the part of such agents, contractors, correspondents or third parties.
9.3 OCBC Bank reserves the right to suspend, withdraw or terminate the Programme at any
time without notice. The decision of OCBC Bank on all matters relating to the Programme shall
be final, binding and conclusive on all Cardmembers, including without limitation, any decision
on the eligibility of any person to participate in the Programme.
9.4 OCBC Bank may at any time at its sole and absolute discretion, without notice or assigning
any reasons therefore, delete, vary, supplement, amend or modify the terms of the Programme
at any time. The Cardmembers are deemed to accept and are bound by such variations,
additions, deletions, amendments and/or modifications if the Cardmember do not terminate the
use of the Card.
9.5 In the event of any inconsistency between terms and conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional materials relating to Programme, the terms of the Programme as set
out herein shall prevail.
9.6 OCBC Bank assumes no responsibility for any of the contents found on third party websites
referred to in the terms and conditions of the Programme, and shall not be held responsible or
liable for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on
any content, products or services available on such sites. OCBC Bank does not have control
of such websites and the reference to any such websites in these terms and conditions does
not mean that OCBC Bank endorses the material on such websites or has any association with
the owner thereof.
9.7 A person who is not a party to the terms and conditions of the Programme has no right
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any term or condition of the
Programme.
9.8 The terms of this Programme shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of Singapore, and the Cardmembers irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the Singapore courts.
Updated as of 24 November 2025