The Platinum Card® Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Product Highlight Sheet .................................................................................................................. 2
Benefit Terms and Conditions ....................................................................................................... 3
Card Member Agreement .............................................................................................................. 4
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989,
americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.Product Highlight Sheet
Product Name The Platinum Card®
Interest-free period N.A.
Interest on purchases N.A. (All Charges are due for payment in full in Singapore
(where applicable) Dollars immediately on receipt of your monthly statement)
N.A. (All Charges are due for payment in full in Singapore
Interest on cash advances
Dollars immediately on receipt of your monthly statement)
N.A. (All Charges are due for payment in full in Singapore
Minimum monthly payment
Dollars immediately on receipt of your monthly statement)
2.5% per month of any overdue previous balance or S$100
per month (whichever is greater). Late payment charges
will be added to your account at a 30-day interval until bills
Late payment charges
are paid in full. Late payment charges which are unpaid may
themselves be included in overdue previous balances until
paid in full.
Non-refundable Annual
S$1,744 (inclusive of 9% GST)
Membership Fee
Handling fee of 5% of your withdrawal amount will apply for
Cash advance fee
each withdrawal mount.
Fees for foreign currency
3.25%
transactions
Dynamic currency
N.A.
conversion fee
No liability for any unauthorized charges pursuant to the
Lost / stolen card liability
terms and conditions of the Card Member Agreement
Please refer to the ABS guide on “Credit Card: What you should know at go.amex/absguide for
information on cards.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 2
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.Benefit Terms and Conditions
For full benefit terms and conditions, please visit go.amex/platinum-tnc-2026
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 3
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.Card Member Agreement
The Terms and Conditions applies only to The Platinum Card® issued in Singapore by
American Express International Inc.
Important. Before you use the Card, read these Terms and Conditions (“Conditions”)
thoroughly. If you keep or use the Card, you will be agreeing to these Conditions and they
will govern your use of the Card. If you have a Bank line of credit, it is not governed by these
Conditions or any other agreement you may have with American Express International Inc.,
but only by an agreement between you and the Bank which provides the line of credit.
1. Definitions. In these Conditions, the words ‘you’, ‘your’, or ‘Card Member’ mean the
individual named on the enclosed Card. The words ‘we’, ‘our’ and ‘us’ mean
American Express International Inc. ‘Card’ means The American Express Card
issued to you and all other Cards you have asked us to issue on your Account. If
you have asked us to issue one or more Cards, you will be called a Basic Card
Member and you will have an account with us, which is called your Account. The
Card we issue to you is called the Basic Card and any separate Card issued on your
Account for your own use is called an ‘Additional Card’. If you are the Basic Card
Member and request us to issue a Card on your Account to another individual, that
individual is called the Supplementary Card Member and the Card issued to them
is called a Supplementary Card. Merchant means a business or organization which
accepts the Card. Charge means any transaction made with the Card, whether or
not a Record of Charge form is signed, and includes Fees, Late Payment Fees, taxes
and any amounts you have agreed to pay us or to be liable for under these
Conditions. Fee means any service or other fee referred to in these Conditions,
including the Section at the end called Service Fees.
2. Signing the Card. If you agree to be bound by these Conditions you must sign the
Card as soon as you receive it, for identification and to prevent misuse. If you do
not wish to be bound by these Conditions, you must cut the Card in half and return
the pieces to us. Unless you do so, we will assume that you have accepted these
Conditions.
3. Use of the Card. You may only use the Card in accordance with these Conditions
and within the validity dates shown on its face. The Card is for your use only. You
must not give the Card or your Card Account number to others or allow them to
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 4
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.use it for Charges, identification or any other purpose. If you do so, except on our
instructions, you will be liable for all Charges made with the Card as a result. You
must not return any goods, tickets or services obtained with the Card for a cash
refund, but you may return them to a Merchant for a credit to your Account, if that
Merchant permits or is obliged to do so. You must not use the Card if you do not
honestly expect to be able to pay your Account in full on receipt of your monthly
statement. You must not use the Card if you believe that you may be unable to pay
your debts.
4. Liability for charges and fees. The Basic Card Member is liable to us for all Charges
and Fees on the Account, including Charges made with the Basic Card and any
Supplementary or Additional Cards. If you are a Supplementary Card Member, you
are jointly and severally liable with the Basic Card Member for all Charges made
with the Card issued to you. All Fees are payable in accordance with these
Conditions, including the section at the end called Service Fees, which we may
change from time to time.
5. Charge limit. Your spending limit on your Account and any other Card Account(s)
you have with us may not exceed limits determined from time to time by us and/or
by laws and regulations enforced in Singapore. These limits are called the Charge
Limit. If any temporary Charge Limit increase approved by us expires, you agree to
pay us immediately on demand any amount by which your total Charges exceed
the Charge Limit. In determining if the Charge Limit has been exceeded, we shall
be entitled to take into Account billed but unpaid Charges, unbilled Charges and
Charges which have been authorised at the request of a Merchant even if the
authorised transaction is not completed.
6. Immediate payment is required. All Charges are due for payment in full in
Singapore Dollars immediately on receipt of our monthly statement.
7. Late payment charges. Payment is due immediately on receipt of your monthly
statement. If you do not pay the balance on your monthly statement in full by the
date of your next monthly statement, you are in default. If you are in default, you
agree that we may suspend your use of the Card either generally or in respect of a
particular transaction, and that we may charge your Account with Late Payment
Charges as follows. If you are in default, you may not be able to receive any mailers
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 5
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.whether in print or electronic form. Unpaid Charges from a previous statement will
be included in the next statement as an overdue Previous Balance. Late Payment
Charges of two and a half percent (2.5%) per month of any overdue Previous
Balance or S$100 per month (whichever is greater) will be added to your account
at a 30-day interval until paid in full or any other rate as may be determined by us
and notified to you from time to time. Late Payment Charges which are unpaid may
themselves be included in overdue Previous Balances (and subject to further Late
Payment Charges) until paid in full. You agree to pay us allour legal costs (on a full
indemnity basis) which we incur in recovering or attempting to recover any amount
which is overdue and unpaid under these Conditions whether before or after
judgment.
8. Late or part payments. We may, at our discretion, accept a late or part payment
described as payment in full or in settlement of a dispute. But if we do so, we shall
not lose any of our rights under these Conditions or at law, and it does not mean
that we agree to change these Conditions. We may charge you a fee for any
payment (such as a direct debit) from or for you, which has not been honoured in
full for any reason. You must ensure that there are sufficient funds in your bank
account to meet all direct debits and that all payment instruments are completed
correctly.
9. Variation of Fees and Charges. We are entitled, due to changes in the business, legal
and/or competitive environment and at our absolute discretion, to vary or
determine at any time and from time to time the amounts, rates, types and/or
basis of calculation of all fees and charges payable by you herein. Any changes of
fees and charges may be contained in the statement and shall be effective from
such date as we may specify. We may debit to your Account and/or request that
you pay the same on demand as we deem fit.
10. Foreign exchange charges. If we receive a transaction or refund for processing in a
currency other than Singapore Dollars (“Foreign Charge”), our currency
conversion affiliate, AE Exposure Management Limited ("AEEML") will convert it
into US Dollars first (unless it was submitted to us in US Dollars) and convert it
from US Dollars into Singapore Dollars. The conversion will take place on the date
the Foreign Charge is processed by American Express, which may not be the same
date on which the Foreign Charge was made as it depends on when the Foreign
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 6
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.Charge was submitted to American Express. Exchange rate fluctuations can be
significant.
The exchange rate AEEML uses, which is called the "American Express Exchange
Rate", will be:
• the rate required by applicable law or used as a matter of local custom or
convention in the territory where the transaction or refund is made (in
which case AEEML will look to be consistent with that custom or
convention), or where this doesn’t apply;
• based on interbank rates selected from customary industry sources on the
business day prior to the processing date
We will increase the Foreign Charge by a single conversion commission of3.25%.
The American Express Exchange Rate is set each day from Monday to Friday
including public holidays except for Christmas Day and New Year’s Day.
You acknowledge that any refund of a Foreign Charge may be different to the
Foreign Charge amount originally processed on your Card Account. The difference
is generally because:
a. the refund and Foreign Charge may be processed on different days with
different rates;
b. the refund may be only a partial refund for the Foreign Charge; or
c. where third parties convert charges in foreign currency, those third parties
may treat refunds differently to the original foreign currency charge.
When making a transaction in foreign currency, you may be given the option to
allow a third party (for example, the retailer) to convert the transaction into
Singapore Dollars before submitting it to us. If you decide to do this, then that third
party will determine the exchange rate and any commission or fees payable for the
currency conversion and submit that transaction to us in Singapore Dollars,
meaning we will not convert the transaction or apply a currency conversion fee. It
is your decision whether to use such third party currency conversion or not and in
such cases, you should check the fees and charges before completing the
transaction to ensure that you do not pay more than necessary.
11. Disclosure of insurance arrangements. We identify insurance providers and
products that may be of interest to some of our customers. In this role we do not act
as an agent or fiduciary for you, and we may act on behalf of the insurance provider,
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 7
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.as permitted by law. We want you to be aware that we receive commissions from
providers and commissions may vary by provider and product. Also, in some cases,
an American Express entity may be the reinsurer and may earn reinsurance
income. The arrangements we have with certain providers, including the potential
to reinsure products, may also influence what products we identify. We do not
require you to purchase any insurance product, and you may choose to cover your
insurance needs from other sources on terms they may make available to you.
12. Exchange control & tax. You must comply with all exchange control and tax laws
governing your use of the Card. You agree to indemnify us against any expense or
liability we incur through your failure to do so.
13. Express cash. You may use the Card to obtain cash advances from certain
automated teller machines which dispense Cash or from such other locations we
may designate from time to time. Express Cash withdrawals are limited to one
transaction every three days. You agree to pay us a service fee for each advance at
the rate determined by us from time to time. The service fee will be charged to your
Account together with the amount of Cash dispensed. Please visit
americanexpress.com.sg for the full list of locations. To participate in this service,
you must complete an enrolment form. This service is subject to separate Terms
and Conditions.
14. Annual fee. Annual fees are payable for use of the Basic Card and each
Supplementary Card at such rates as we communicate to you from time to time.
Any fee reductions or waivers which may be offered by us from time to time may
be withdrawn or restricted by us at any time.
15. GST. You agree to pay GST or any tax of a similar nature, if applicable, on any
amount we charge you in respect of the Card or your use of it.
16. Problems with bills or charges. If you have any questions or problems with your
monthly statement, please contact us immediately and we will do our best to
resolve your problem. Except as required by law, we are not responsible for any
goods or services charged to the Card, or if a Merchant refuses to accept the Card.
Merchants may impose their own restrictions on use of the Card and we are not
responsible for this. You may raise any claim or dispute directly with the Merchant
concerned and you may not withhold payment from us because of such claim or
dispute.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 8
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.17. Lost, stolen or misused Charge Cards. You must notify us immediately, by
telephone or otherwise, if the Card is lost, stolen, or damaged or not received when
due, or if you suspect that the Card is being used by someone else. Provided that
neither you nor any Supplementary Card Member contributed to, was involved in
or benefited from the loss, theft or misuse of the Card, you will not be liable for any
unauthorized charge made. If you find or retrieve a Card which you have reported
as lost or stolen, you must not use it again. In this case, you must cut it in half and
return the pieces to us.
18. Renewal/Replacement/Additional Cards. The Card will be valid until the expiration
date printed on the face of the Card. It is understood and agreed that you are
requesting us to issue you with a renewal, replacement or additional card
(including any new card(s) from us on such terms and conditions that will be
provided to you for acceptance) before your current Card expires. If you are the
Basic Card Member, you are also requesting us to issue renewal, replacement or
additional supplementary cards (including any new supplementary card(s) from
us on such terms and conditions that will be provided to you and/or the
Supplementary Card Member(s) for acceptance) before the current
Supplementary Card(s) expire or are cancelled by us. You agree to pay renewal fees
for Cards annually at rates determined by us and notified to you from time to time.
We will continue to issue renewal or replacement Cards and Supplementary Card(s)
until you tell us to stop. We retain the right to refuse to issue and/or suspend dispatch of
renewal, or replacement or additional cards at our discretion. A new contract is not
formed when a Card is renewed or replaced and your existing contract with us
remains in force until cancellation.
19. Data Protection and Use of Personal Data.
19.1 Disclosure of Personal Information
You agree that any information provided in the application form, at our request
or otherwise collected, including information relating to your Supplementary
Card Members, during the operation of your Account (“Personal Information”)
and any data derived from your Personal Information may be disclosed to:
a) companies within the worldwide American Express group of companies
(“Amex Group companies”);
b) third parties who process transactions submitted by merchants on the
American Express network where you use the Card worldwide;
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 9
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.c) processors and suppliers we or Amex Group companies may engage;
d) the providers of services and benefits associated with your Account;
e) consumer credit bureaus, collection agencies and lawyers;
f) parties who accept the Card in payment for goods and/or services
purchased by you;
g) parties who distribute the card;
h) any other co-branded partner of Amex set out in the Terms and
Conditions governing use of your Account;
i) banks, financial institutions, government agencies, statutory boards or
authorities in Singapore or elsewhere;
j) anyone to whom we may transfer contractual rights; and
k) any other party approved by you or to whom you have given your consent
or to whom we consider it in our interests to make such disclosure.
19.2 Use of Information
We may use your Personal Information, including in aggregated form or
combined with other information for any of the following purposes:
a) Delivering our products and services to you, including the management
and operation of your Account;
b) Improving our products and services and to conduct research and analysis;
c) For marketing purposes where you have provided your consent to us for the
same, and with such consent, we (including our affiliates and related
corporations and their employees and agents) and our third party service
providers may be sending and providing you with marketing information
and/or documents relating to products, services and/or events that we or
third party organizations we collaborate with, may be selling, marketing,
offering, organizing, involved in or promoting, whether existing now or
created in the future;
d) Managing risks relating to our business, including credit risk, fraud risk and
operational risk.
Your data may also be used for other purposes for which you give your
specific permission, or when required by law, or where permitted under the
terms of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012.
19.3 Supplementary Card Members
Where we have been asked to issue a Supplementary Card:
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 10
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.a) you consent to us disclosing to the Supplementary Card Member details
about the status of your Account including details of transactions, the
outstanding balance and details of any overdue payments;
b) you consent to the Supplementary Card Member providing us with
Personal Information about you for additional identity authentication
purposes, to register for on-line services and to access enhanced and new
services; and
c) Supplementary Card Members will not be permitted to change any of your
Personal Information without your express consent.
19.4 Third Party Consents
Where you provide us with information relating to a third party (including
Supplementary Card Members), or where you purchase goods and/or
services on behalf of a third party, you confirm and warrant that you have
informed and obtained consent, if necessary, of that third party to the
processing of his or her information by American Express (and where
relevant, other parties), in accordance with this paragraph 18. In respect of
Supplementary Card Members, this may include the use of his or her details
for marketing purposes or disclosure for the purposes set out in detail in the
Consumer Credit Bureau section below.
19.5 Marketing
Where you have given consent to receive marketing offers from us, we
(including our affiliates and related corporations and their employees and
agents) and our third party service providers may be sending and providing
you with marketing information and/or documents relating to products,
services and/or events that we or third party organizations we collaborate
with, may be selling, marketing, offering, organizing, involved in or
promoting, whether existing now or created in the future, by (a)
telephone/voice calls and by SMS (text messages); and (b) postal mail and e-
mail; and
(c) way of the internet or using other electronic means. You agree that your
consent will remain in place until you withdraw it.
If you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent previously provided to us
to send you marketing information or documents, you may do so by going to
americanexpress.com.sg/mychoice to update your privacy preferences at
any time. We will also, from time to time, contact you to ensure that the
information we hold about your marketing preferences is up to date.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 11
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.19.6 Consumer Credit Bureau
We will exchange your Personal Information with consumer credit bureaus
and carry out credit checks and other assessments. We may inform the
bureaus of the current balance on your Account and we may tell them if you do
not make payments when due. They will record this information and may
share this with other organizations in accordance with their legal powers and
obligations.
19.7 Electronic or Telephone Communication
If you contact us by any electronic means, we may record the telephone
number or internet protocol address, associated with that means of
contacting us at the time. We may also monitor and/or record telephone calls
between us to assure the quality of our customer service.
19.8 International Transfer of Data
Your Personal Information may be processed, accessed or disclosed (in
accordance with this paragraph 18) in countries outside Singapore when you
travel or make foreign purchases and for the purpose of administering your
Account. In such cases, we will take appropriate steps to ensure the same
level of protection for your information in other countries outside Singapore.
19.9 Retention of Information
We keep Personal Information for the purposes described in this paragraph
18 for as long as is appropriate to fulfill our legal obligations in accordance
with applicable law.
19.10 Access and Correction
You are entitled at any time to request access to information held by us about
you or your Account and to update and correct such information. You agree
that Amex may impose a modest charge to cover the costs of complying with
such requests. Please make such requests in writing to the Data Privacy
Officer, American Express International Inc., 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00,
One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.
20. Changing the conditions. We have the right to change or amend these Conditions
at any time due to changes in the business, legal and/or competitive
environment, by giving you notice. Such changes may include, without limitation,
changes in fees and charges and introducing or changing fees for providing you
with copies of Account statements or transaction records or for other services.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 12
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.You agree to pay such fees when we bill them to your Account. We shall consider
you as having accepted the changes if you keep or use the Card after we notify
you of a change.
21. Billing address. You must notify us immediately of any change in your name
and/or billing address or the names of any additional Card Members.
22. The Card is our property. The Card is our property, and we can suspend or cancel
your right to use it at any time. We can do this with or without cause and without
giving you notice. If we cancel the Card without cause, we will refund you a pro-
rata portion of your annual fee. We may list cancelled Card Account numbers in
our “Cancellation Bulletin”, or otherwise inform Merchants of the cancellation. If
we cancel the Card or it expires, you must return it to us upon request. If a
Merchant asks you to surrender an expired or cancelled Card, you must do so. You
may not use the Card after its expiry or cancellation.
23. Cancellation of Card. If you do not wish to accept any changes to these
Conditions, or if you wish to cancel your Account with us for any reason, you may
do so by cutting all your Cards in half and returning the parts to us. You remain
liable for all Charges incurred before the Card is returned and received by us. The
Basic Card Member remains liable for all Charges made on the Supplementary
Card before it is returned to and received by us.
24. Our liability. Subject to applicable law, you agree that if we fail to carry out any of
our obligations in connection with your Account or your use of the Card and, as
a direct result, you suffer loss or costs, we will be liable to you for that loss or cost
only but not otherwise. In particular, we will not be liable for consequential loss or
any other loss or damage not directly and naturally resulting from the failure,
including damages which may flow from special circumstances. In any event, we
will not be responsible for losses or costs caused by third parties including but not
limited to those losses and/or costs resulting from mechanical or systems failure
affecting such third parties.
25. Authorization. Certain Charges may need to be authorized by us before they will
be accepted by an Establishment. We have the right to refuse authorization for
any Charge, Cash Advance or Balance Transfer transactions without giving any
reason or prior notice notwithstanding that the Credit Limit has not been
exceeded and we shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damage
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 13
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.resulting from such refusal. When we give an Establishment permission to
charge your Account, we assume the transaction will take place and therefore
reduce the Credit Limit on your Account by the sum authorized.
26. Receipt of notices. With effect from 1 November 2017, we may serve any legal or
court document including any writ, statutory demand, bankruptcy application or
any legal, enforcement or bankruptcy process in respect of any claim, action or
proceeding by leaving it at, or sending it by ordinary post to your last known
address, or sending it electronically to your last known email address or via any
mobile phone or devices or other messaging services. These documents and/or
messages would then be deemed to have been properly served on you on the
date of delivery if it is delivered by hand, or on the date immediately after the
date of posting if it is sent by post (notwithstanding that it may be returned to us
undelivered) or on the date of sending if it is sent electronically or digitally.
Service of legal process in the aforesaid manner shall be deemed to be good and
effective service of such legal process on you even if the documents including
electronic mails and/ or messages are not received by you or subsequently
returned undelivered. Nothing in this clause shall affect our right to serve any
legal or court document in any other manner permitted by law.
27. Law that applies. These Conditions and all matters arising out of the issuance or
use of the Card are subject to the laws of Singapore.
28. Assignment. We may assign any of our rights under these Conditions without
your consent to our parent, a subsidiary or a related company.
29. Rights of third parties. Except by a person who is our assignee pursuant to
Clause 28 above, a person who is not a party to this Agreement shall not enforce
any of these Terms and Conditions under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties)
Act 2001.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 14
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.Service Fees
• Payment for Card charges (condition 6)
Payment of your Account in full is due upon receipt of your monthly statement.
• Late payment charges (condition 7)
Payment is due immediately but no later than your next monthly statement. If
payment is not received in full before your next statement due date, Late
Payment Charges of two and a half percent (2.5%) per month of any overdue
Previous Balance or S$100 per month (whichever is greater) will be added to
your account at a 30-day interval until paid in full or any other rate as may be
determined by us from time to time.
• Service fees for returned debits (condition 8)
Rejected Direct Debit (or GIRO) Payment: S$25
• Foreign exchange conversion commission (condition 10)
3.25% of the converted amount.
• Express cash charges (condition 13)
Service fee of 5% on advances of Cash.
• Non-refundable Annual Card fees (condition 14)
The Platinum Card
Basic Card S$1,744 (inclusive of 9% GST)
Supplementary Card
(First 2 Supplementary N.A.
Cards)
Supplementary Card Effective 15 October 2026, an annual fee of
(Third Supplementary S$250 (S$272.50 incl. 9% GST) will apply
Card or more) for each Supplementary Card issued after
the first two Supplementary Cards.
• Copies of statements and charges
S$10 for each copy of a statement. S$5 for each copy of a transaction record.
• Transaction Fees
Transaction fees may apply for booking of services through The Platinum
Concierge.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J) 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 15
018989, americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.