Terms and Conditions Governing UOB EVOL Card
Cashback Programme (“Terms”)
These Terms apply to your UOB EVOL Card issued by the United Overseas Bank Limited (the “Bank” or “UOB”)
in Singapore (the “Card”). These Terms are to be read together with and form an integral part of the prevailing
UOB Cardmembers Agreement (“Standard Terms”).
Cashback
1. You will enjoy the following cashback on Transactions charged to your Card (“Cashback”):
Qualifying Cashback Cap per statement
Spend month
S$800 (per 10% cashback on Selected Gym, Telco and S$20
statement Streaming Spend
month)
S$800 (per 10% cashback on Local Online Spend and Mobile S$30
statement Contactless Spend
month) 0.3% cashback on all Other Spend S$30
2. The maximum total cashback that you (as a principal Cardholder) can earn on your Card is capped at
S$80 for each statement month.
3. To qualify for 10% cashback on Local Online Spend and Mobile Contactless Spend and/or 10% cashback
on Selected Gym, Telco and Streaming Spend, you must successfully charge at least S$800 worth of
Transactions in a statement month to your Card (“Qualifying Spend”).
4. If you do not meet the Qualifying Spend in a statement month, you will earn 0.3% cashback on all
Transactions successfully charged to your Card account in that statement month.
5. The Cashback will be computed based on the Transactions successfully charged and posted to your Card
account in a statement month as shown in your Card statement in respect of that statement month and
will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places. Cashback earned by the supplementary holder of your
Card will be credited to your principal Card account.
6. The Cashback earned for the current statement month will be credited into your Card account in the
following statement month in Singapore dollars and can only be used to offset against the billed amount
for your Card account in your next statement month. The Cashback cannot be withdrawn as cash, cannot
be transferred to any other UOB credit card or debit card accounts or UOB accounts, and cannot be used
to offset any minimum payment due, late payment charge, interest charges or any other fees imposed by
UOB.
7. Transactions incurred by your supplementary holder of your Card will accrue to your principal Card for the
purposes of computing the Qualifying Spend on your principal Card account.
8. Clauses 3 and 4 above apply regardless of whether your first statement period in relation to your new
Card is a less than a statement month.
9. Unused Cashback will be forfeited on (whichever earlier):
• 2 calendar years from the last day of the statement month the Cashback was awarded;
• the Bank’s receipt of your request to terminate your Card; or
• the termination of your Card by the Bank for any reason whatsoever.
10. The Cashback is neither transferable nor exchangeable for cash, reward points, credit, goods and
services, products or privileges or other kind in full or in part and is not refundable or replaceable.
Page 1 of 611. The crediting of the Cashback amount by UOB does not constitute payment of any amount due on your
Card account (including any minimum payment amount due).
12. Any Cashback awarded in respect of any reversed, voided, refunded or cancelled Transactions will be
deducted from the Card account.
FX Fees
13. There will be no administrative fees applied on Transactions in foreign currencies (“FX Fees”) charged on
all Overseas Foreign Currency Spend successfully charged and posted to your Card account. This is
regardless of whether you meet the Qualifying Spend in a statement month.
14. For the avoidance of doubt, the International Processing Fee of 1% of the transaction amount, which is
chargeable on transactions charged to your Card in Singapore dollars and processed outside Singapore,
will continue to apply.
Annual Fee
15. There is no annual fee charged for the Card (w.e.f. 1 July 2026).
Definitions
16. “Overseas Foreign Currency Spend” means Transactions which are processed outside of Singapore
and successfully charged to your Card and posted on UOB’s system, in a foreign currency. Transactions
which are processed outside of Singapore, but which are charged to your Card in Singapore dollars at the
time of the Transaction will not constitute an Overseas Foreign Currency Spend.
17. “Local Online Spend” refers to Transactions made via the internet based on system indicators and
processed locally in Singapore by the respective merchants/acquirers as an online transaction.
18. “Local Mobile Contactless Spend” means in-store contactless Transactions made via the following
mobile wallets: Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, Google Pay and such other mobile wallet services and
processed locally in Singapore as UOB may determine from time to time at its sole discretion. For the
avoidance of doubt, Transactions which are made online via any of the mobile wallets listed above will
not be eligible to receive any Cashback under the “Mobile Contactless Spend” category but will receive
Cashback under the “Online Spend” category.
19. “Selected Gym, Telco and Streaming Spend” refers to Transactions made with the following Merchant
Category Codes (MCC) and which are processed locally in Singapore and contain the corresponding
transaction descriptions as set out in the table below.
Category MCC Descriptions
Gym 5734, 7298, 7997 • Anytime Fitness*
• Classpass*
• Virgin Active*
• Fitness First*
• Body Fit Training*
• True Fitness*
• 247 Fitness*
• Pure Yoga*
• True Yoga*
• Revolution SG*
Telco 4812, 4814 • Starhub*
• Singtel*
• M1*
• Gomo*
• MyRepublic*
Page 2 of 6• Giga*
• CirclesLife*
Streaming • 4899, 5815 • Netflix*
• Spotify*
Disney plus*
The asterisk symbol (“*”) used in transaction descriptions signifies that any number of characters may
follow the specified word or phrase. For example, “Classpass*” encompasses variations such as
“Classpass12345”, “Classpass 123456”, and other transaction descriptors that begin with “Classpass”.
20. For avoidance of doubt, Overseas Foreign Currency Spend made online or via mobile contactless
methods will qualify for Cashback under the category of Overseas Foreign Currency Spend and not under
the categories of Online Spend and/or Mobile Contactless Spend.
21. “Other Spend” means all other Transactions that are not Local Online Spend and Mobile Contactless
Spend, Selected Gym, Telco and Streaming Spend and/or Overseas Foreign Currency Spend.
22. “Transactions” means retail transactions for the purchase of goods and/or services successfully charged
to your Card account and posted on the Bank’s system but excludes:
(a) cash advances;
(b) balance and/or fund transfers;
(c) NETS and NETS-related transactions;
(d) monthly instalments under 0% Instalment Payment Plan and SmartPay;
(e) any transactions at UOB$ merchants where UOB$ are issued (up till 31 Oct 2024, w.e.f. 1 Nov
2024 transactions at UOB$ merchants will count as Transactions);
(f) amounts approved under the UOB Payment Facility and any associated fees or charges;
(g) any transactions made at Shell petrol stations and SPC petrol stations;
(h) any interest, fees and charges (including without limitation, late payment charges or interest
charges, annual or monthly fees or charges) imposed by the Bank;
(i) any credit card transaction that is subsequently cancelled, voided, refunded or reversed for any
reason;
(j) any transaction made with the following Merchant Category Codes (MCC):
MCC Description
4829 Wire Transfer/Remittance
4900 Utilities
5199 Nondurable Goods
5960 Direct Marketing - Insurance Services
5965 Direct marketing –Combination Catalog and Retail Merchants (wef 1 October 2024)
5993 Cigar Stores and Stands (wef 1 October 2024)
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
6050 Quasi Cash–Financial Institutions, Merchandise and Services
6051 Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency, Non-Fiat Currency,
Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales/Underwrite
6513 Real Estate Agents & Managers – Rentals
6529 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Financial Institute Rentals
6530 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Merchant Rentals
6534 Quasi Cash-Remote Money Transfers
6540 Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Clean/Maint/Janitorial Serv aka Property Management
7511 Quasi Cash – Truck Stop Trxns
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
Page 3 of 67995 Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-Track Betting,
and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Charitable and Social Service Organizations
8661 Religious Organizations
8651 Political Organizations
8699 Membership Organizations (Not Elsewhere Classified) (wef 1 October 2024)
8999 Professional Services (Not Elsewhere Classified) (wef 1 October 2024)
9211 Court Costs including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payment
9402 Postal Services—Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases—Government Only
9399 Government Services—not elsewhere classified
(k) any top-ups or payment of funds to payment service providers or prepaid accounts;
(l) any transaction made with the following transaction descriptions:
• AXS* • Saxo Cap Mkts Pts Ltd
• CITY INDEX* • SKR*PLUS500CY LTD
• EZ LINK* • SKR*SKRILL.COM
• EZ-LINK * • TRANSIT*
• EZLINK* • WWW.IGMARKETS.COM.SG
• EZLINKS* • WWW.MYEZLINK.COM.SG
• FLASHPAY* • WWW.PLUS500.CO.UK
• NETSFLASHPAY* • SP Digital*
• MB * MONEYBOOKERS.COM • SP Services*
• OANDA ASIA PAC • AMAZE* TRANSIT*
• OANDAASIAPA • IPAYMY*
• PAYPAL * OANDAASIAPA • RWS-LEVY*
• PLUS500 • SMOOVE PAY*
• PLUS500UK LIMITED • SINGPOST-SAM*
• PAYPAL* PLUS500 • RazerPay*
• PAYPAL* PLUS500.COM • NORWDS* (w.e.f. 21 Jul 2024)
• PAYPAL * CAPITALROYA • AMAZE* (wef 1 October 2024)
• PAYPAL * BIZCONSULTA
(m) any other transactions which the Bank may exclude from time to time without prior notice to you.
23. For the avoidance of doubt,
a. Please note that a merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature of
business. The MCCs are assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. UOB does not determine
the merchants’ MCC. UOB shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating to the
categorisation of a merchant’s MCC.
b. Transactions effected in foreign currencies will be converted into Singapore dollars based on
UOB’s prevailing exchange rate and the Singapore dollar amount posted on UOB’s system will
be used for the purposes of computing your Qualifying Spend and corresponding Cashback.
Page 4 of 6E-statement
24. You will only receive electronic statements (eStatements) for your Card account. No physical statement
copies will be generated.
General
25. The Bank may deduct, re-compute, withdraw and/or cancel any Cashback awarded if you fail to meet the
Qualifying Spend, if your Card account is not in good standing or for any other reason that the Bank may
determine in its sole discretion. No payment or compensation in respect of such deduction, re-computation,
withdrawal or cancellation will be made. In the event that your Card account is delinquent, voluntarily or
involuntarily closed or terminated or suspended for any reasons whatsoever before the Cashback credited
into your Card account, such Cashback earned shall be forfeited without prior notice to you and you shall
not be entitled to any compensation or payment whatsoever.
26. The Card shall only be used for your own legitimate and genuine personal expenses and shall not be
used for commercial or other non-personal expenses. UOB may deduct, re-compute, withdraw, forfeit
and/or cancel any Cashback earned and/or awarded and/or cancel and terminate your Card, without
giving any reason or prior notice or assuming any liability to you, if:
(a) spending on your Card account is deemed by UOB in its sole and absolute discretion to be for
commercial, illegitimate, ingenuine, commercial and/or non-personal purposes; or
(b) your Card account is not in good standing and not conducted in a proper and satisfactory manner
at any time as determined by UOB in its sole discretion; or
(c) your Card account is overdue;
(d) UOB deems in its sole discretion that there is an abuse of the Cashback programme (whether
via unusual, illegitimate, and/or ingenuine transaction activities or otherwise); or
(e) relevant Cashback was not earned from qualifying spend; or
(f) for any other reason that UOB may determine in its sole discretion.
No payment or compensation in respect of such deduction, re-computation, withdrawal or cancellation will
be made.
27. The Card is excluded from earning UNI$ and Instant rewards under the UOB Rewards Programme.
28. By participating in this Programme and in addition to any other consent you have already provided to the
Bank and any right of the Bank under applicable laws, you consent to the Bank and the necessary third
parties collecting, using and disclosing your information (including your personal data) for the purposes of
this Programme and to contact you, including via voice call or text message.
29. UOB shall not be responsible or liable in any manner for (i) any failure or delay or mistake in the
transmission or submission of card transactions and/or the Transactions by any party (including but not
limited to the card associations, acquiring merchants, merchant establishments, postal or
telecommunication authorities) for whatever reason; or (ii) any breakdown or malfunction in any computer
system or equipment; or (iii) any loss, expenses, delays, mistake, neglect or omission in the awarding of
the Cashback or your participation in this Cashback programme.
30. UOB reserves the right to vary, amend and/or supplement any of these Terms (including but not limited
the Cashback rate, the basis of calculation of the Cashback and the list of eligible transactions which are
eligible to earn the Cashback) from time to time without the giving of notice or reason and without liability
to any person and you agree to be bound by any such variations, amendments and/or supplements
Page 5 of 631. The Bank reserves all rights to (i) substitute the Cashback; (ii) forfeit or reclaim the Cashback where
participant is subsequently discovered to be ineligible; (iii) amend or vary the Card name or design; and
(v) make determinations and decisions on all matters relating to this Programme which shall be final,
conclusive and binding.
32. Prevailing Standard Terms continues to apply to your Card. In the event of any inconsistency between
these Terms and the Standard Terms, these Terms shall to the extent of such inconsistency, prevail in
respect of matters relating to this Programme. These Terms shall prevail over any advertising, promotional,
publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials relating to or in connection with the Card.
33. These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore, and you agree to submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
34. A person not a party to these Terms has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001
of Singapore to enforce these Terms.
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z. Updated on 1 July 2026 (Ver 2.2)
Page 6 of 6