Citi PremierMiles Card Online Sign-up Promotion 30,000 Citi Miles Welcome Gift Promotion Terms and
Conditions (“Promotion”)
1. Promotion and Gift
a) The Promotion Period is open from 1 Aug 2024 to 30 Sep 2026 (both dates inclusive)
(“Promotion Period”).
b) If you meet all our requirements under the promotion, you will receive 30,000 Citi Miles
(“Welcome Gift”).
c) You will only be entitled to receive one (1) Welcome Gift subjected to additional terms as set
out below.
2. Eligibility
a) This Promotion is opened to new customers (as a main cardmember) who applied for this
Promotion during the Promotion Period.
b) You are a new customer if
i. you have applied for the Eligible Card through an on-line acquisition channel;
ii. you do not have any existing Citi Credit Card (as a main cardmember) Account (“Account’’)
at the time of your application; and
iii. you do not previously own a Citi Credit Card (as a main cardmember) that was
terminated/closed in the last twelve (12) months prior to your application; and
iv. you do not have any pending applications for Citi Credit Card (as a main cardmember).
3. Qualifying Criteria
a) To qualify, your application for a Citi Credit Card must be approved and successfully opened
within 30 days from the date of application and meet the Qualifying Criteria on any of your
Eligible Card.
Eligible Card Qualifying Criteria Welcome Gift
Citi PremierMiles 1. Payment of Annual Fee of S$196.20 10,000 Citi Miles will be
Card (inclusive of 9% GST). credited upon billing and
payment of Annual Fee.
2. Make S$800 Qualifying Spend in retail 20,000 Citi Miles will be
transactions (by both main and credited subject to Clause
supplementary card member) on your 4 below.
Eligible Card within 2 calendar months,
from month of your account opened
date. Example: if account is opened on
12 August, the Qualifying Spend Period
will be from August to end of October.
b) Qualifying Spend refers to any retail transactions (including internet purchases) which do not
arise from (i) any Equal Payment Plan (EPP) purchases, (ii) refunded / disputed / unauthorized /
fraudulent retail purchases, (iii) Quick Cash and other instalment loans, (iv) Citi PayLite / CitiFlexiBill / cash advance / quasi-cash transactions / balance transfers / annual card membership
fees / interest / goods and services taxes, (v) bill payments made using the Eligible Card as a
source of funds, (vi) late payment fees, (vii) any other form of service/miscellaneous fees and
(viii) Citi PayAll transactions where the customer is not charged the Citi PayAll service fee. Any
reversals/rebates/refunds, whether full or partial, will go towards reducing the accumulated
retail transaction amount.
c) If you no longer meet the Qualifying Spend within the Qualifying Spend Period due to
transactions reversed / refunded / rejected, Citibank reserves the right to forfeit / clawback the
Welcome Gift.
d) The Qualifying Spend will be determined by “spend date” which is the transaction date based on
Singapore Timing (UTC+08:00). Citibank bears no liability for any late submission or transaction
posting of any purchase by any merchant that might affect the Promotion.
4. Fulfillment of Welcome Gift
a) The Welcome Gift will be credited to your approved and successfully opened Credit Card within
three (3) calendar months from the end of the Qualifying Spend Period. Citibank may extend the
date of crediting with notice. You will not be entitled the Welcome Gift for any of the following
reasons:
i. any of your credit card(s) or any account(s) with Citibank is/are not in good standing (as
determined by Citibank in its discretion and including default of any payment to Citibank) or
is/are inactive / closed / terminated / suspended and/or not activated at any time during
the Promotion Period or any time after the Promotion Period up to and including the time
of fulfillment of the relevant Welcome Gift; or
ii. if Citibank is of the opinion that you had at any time: a) acted fraudulently or dishonestly;
and/or b) conducted in bad faith or otherwise in an inappropriate manner to gain an unfair
advantage against Citibank; or
iii. any reason which Citibank determines in its discretion that you should not be entitled to
receive the Welcome Gift, such discretion to be exercised reasonably.
5. General Terms and Conditions
a) By participating in this Promotion, the Eligible Cardmember authorizes Citibank to send Short
Message Service ("SMS") notifications pertaining to the Promotion to him/her.
b) Citibank reserves the right to terminate this Promotion at any time, and/or vary the terms and
conditions governing this Promotion from time to time.
c) Citibank makes no warranty or representation for the quality, merchantability or the fitness for
any purpose or any other aspect of the products and/or services provided by third parties.
Citibank shall not at any time be held liable for any loss, injury, damage or harm suffered by or in
connection with the products and/or services provided by third parties.
d) In the event of any inconsistency between these terms and conditions and any advertising,
promotional, publicity and other materials relating to or in connection with the Promotion, theseterms and conditions shall prevail.
e) Citibank’s decision on all matters relating to this Promotion will be at its discretion and will be
final and binding on all customers.
f) This Promotion is not valid with other ongoing acquisition offers or promotions unless otherwise
stated.
g) Citibank reserves the right to offer different promotions/offers depending on channel or
platform.
Updated as of July 2026