Terms and Conditions for
Metro Private Shopping Affair 2026 x Metro-UOB & UOB Lady’s Card Campaign
1. Promotion
1.1 This Metro Private Shopping Affair 2026 x Metro-UOB & UOB Lady’s Card Campaign (the
“Promotion”) is valid only on 20 May 2026 between 5 pm and 9pm (the “Promotion Period”)
at Metro Paragon level 2 entrance (the “Promotion Venue”).
1.2 By participating in this Promotion, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
Promotion (the “Terms”).
1.3 This Promotion is open to any individual who is a cardmember of a UOB Card issued by United
Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in Singapore.
1.4 For the purposes of these Terms:
(a) “Metro” refers to METRO (PRIVATE) LIMITED.
(b) “Metro-UOB Card” refers to any personal Metro-UOB Card issued by UOB in
Singapore.
(c) “UOB Lady’s Credit Card” refers to any personal UOB Lady’s Classic Card, UOB
Lady’s Platinum Card, UOB Lady’s World Mastercard, UOB Lady’s Solitaire Card or
UOB Lady’s Solitaire Metal Card issued by UOB in Singapore.
(d) “UOB Card” refers to any of the cards listed in the left column of the table in Clause
2.1 below.
1.5 The Metro Private Shopping Affair 2026 (the “Metro Event”) is conducted by Metro (Private)
Limited.
1.6 To participate in this Promotion, cardmembers of a UOB Card must present a valid UOB Card
at the entry of the Promotion Venue to enter the Promotion Venue. Presentation of the UOB
Card may be in physical form or via a digital version displayed through mobile wallet.
Cardmembers of a UOB Card may bring accompanying guest(s) to the Promotion Venue.
2. Discount
2.1 Subject to these Terms, you shall be eligible to receive a one-time discount (the “Discount”)
under this Promotion as set out in the table below if you are a cardmember of one of the UOB
Cards listed in the table below and you have successfully satisfy the applicable in-store
minimum net spend (excluding Excluded Transactions (as defined below)) at the Promotion
Venue (the “Eligible Card Transactions”) during the Promotion Period as set out in the table
below:
UOB Card Minimum Spend for Discount
• Metro-UOB Get a S$50 Discount off with a minimum of S$800 worth of Eligible Card
Card Transactions successfully charged to your UOB Card in a single receipt.
• UOB Lady’s
Credit Card The above S$50 Discount is limited to the first 100 redemptions during
the Promotion Period at the Promotion Venue.
2.2 For the avoidance of doubt:
Page 1 of 4(a) Purchase of Metro gift vouchers (“Excluded Transactions”) does not qualify as an
Eligible Card Transaction under this Promotion.
(b) This Promotion is not valid in conjunction with any other promotions or loyalty
programmes.
(c) This Promotion is not valid for transactions made online on metro.com.sg.
(d) Eligible Card Transactions charged by a principal cardmember of a UOB Card cannot
be aggregated with the Eligible Card Transactions charged by the supplementary
cardmember of that UOB Card for the purposes of computing the minimum spend
under this Promotion.
(e) This Promotion remain subject to any terms and conditions as may be imposed by
Metro, which shall apply in addition to these Terms.
2.3 If you are eligible to receive the applicable Discount set out in the table in Clause 2.1 above,
the Discount will be applied immediately to offset your bill directly at the time of your purchase.
2.4 You are only entitled to receive one (1) Discount under this Promotion.
3. Gift
3.1 A complimentary set of beauty miniatures from MINIMUSE (“Gift”) is available to cardmembers
of a UOB Card at the MINIMUSE counter within the Promotion Venue during the Promotion
Period, limited to a total of 500 redemptions.
3.2 No minimum spend at the Promotion Venue is required to qualify for the Gift.
3.3 If you are eligible to receive the Gift under this Promotion, you are only entitled to receive one
(1) Gift under this Promotion.
4. General
4.1 Discounts and Gifts (each, a “Reward”) are on a first-come-first-served basis, whilst stocks last
and subject to availability. UOB shall not be required to notify and/or update on the stock
availability of the Reward.
4.2 The Reward is neither transferable nor exchangeable for cash, reward points, credit, goods and
services, products or privileges or other kind, in full or in part, and is not refundable or
replaceable. No reservation, refund or exchange of Reward is allowed.
4.3 UOB has the right, at any time in its discretion and without prior notice, to substitute or replace
the Reward with another item of equivalent or similar value without giving any reason or
assuming any liability or payment of compensation to any person. UOB’s determination of such
substitution or replacement shall be final, conclusive and binding.
4.4 UOB is not an agent of Metro. Accordingly, UOB makes no warranty or representation as to the
Metro Event and/or the quality, value, merchantability or fitness of the Reward and/or the goods
and services provided by Metro in connection with this Promotion and the Metro Event. UOB
assumes no liability or responsibility for the acts or omissions of Metro or any non-performance
or defects in the Reward and/or the goods and services provided by Metro in connection with
this Promotion and the Metro Event. Any dispute regarding the Reward, the Metro Event and/or
the goods and services provided by Metro in connection with this Promotion or the Metro Event
is to be resolved directly with Metro and UOB shall not be required to assist or act on your
behalf in communicating Metro.
4.5 The following persons shall not be eligible to participate in the Promotion:
Page 2 of 4(a) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are voluntarily or involuntarily suspended,
cancelled, closed or terminated at any time;
(b) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are not active, valid, subsisting or in good
standing or delinquent or unsatisfactorily conducted as may be determined by UOB at
its sole discretion;
(c) individuals who are mentally unsound, facing legal incapacity or are incapable of
handling their affairs, deceased, insolvent, bankrupt or have any legal proceedings (or
any threat) of any nature instituted against them; or
(d) anyone whom UOB may decide to exclude, in its sole discretion, without any reason or
prior notice at any time.
4.6 UOB will not be liable or responsible for any injury, loss or damage whatsoever or for any
charge, cost or expense of any kind whatsoever suffered or incurred as a result of or in
connection with the redemption or usage of the Reward or participation in this Promotion.
Without limiting the foregoing, UOB will not be liable or responsible for any undelivered,
misdirected, corrupted, lost or delayed text, transmission or transaction or any delay or failure
in posting any transaction or accessing any of UOB’s online banking services or mobile banking
services or third-party applications, howsoever caused.
4.7 UOB has the absolute right and unfettered discretion to make decisions on all matters relating
to or in connection with this Promotion, including but not limited to the determination of whether
you have met all the requirements of this Promotion. UOB’s decisions shall be final, conclusive
and binding and no payment or compensation will be given. UOB shall not be obliged to give
any reason or prior notice or enter into any correspondence with any person on any matter or
decision relating to this Promotion.
4.8 If UOB determines that you are ineligible to participate in this Promotion or to receive the
Reward, UOB may in its sole discretion forfeit the Reward, reclaim the Reward or charge to
and debit an amount equal to the value of the Reward from any of your accounts with UOB
without prior notice to you. If the monies standing to the credit of your accounts are insufficient
to reimburse UOB, you shall immediately reimburse UOB for the value of the Reward through
such means as UOB may determine in its sole discretion.
4.9 The Terms shall be read in conjunction with the prevailing UOB Cardmember Agreement and
any other terms that may be relevant in connection with this Promotion (collectively the
“Standard Terms”). In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Terms and the Standard
Terms, the Terms shall prevail to the extent of such inconsistency; and (ii) the Terms and any
advertising, promotional, publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials relating to or in
connection with the Promotion, the Terms shall prevail to the extent that such discrepancy
relates to this Promotion.
4.10 UOB may, at any time and at its discretion terminate the Promotion and/or amend any of the
Terms, and all persons shall be bound by such amendments.
4.11 Unless otherwise stated, this Promotion is not valid with other offers, privileges or promotions.
4.12 By participating in this Promotion and in addition to any other consent you have already
provided to UOB and any right of UOB under applicable laws, you consent to UOB and the
necessary third parties collecting, using and disclosing your information (including your
personal data) for the purposes of this Promotion and to contact you, including by voice call or
text message.
4.13 A person who is not a party to the Terms shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of
Third Parties) Act 2001 of Singapore to enforce the Terms.
Page 3 of 44.14 The Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore and you shall be deemed
to have agreed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore.
Page 4 of 4