Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited
Terms and Conditions Governing the OCBC Spend and Buy Miles Promotion
Promotion Period
1. The Promotion Period shall run from 01 May 2023 to 30 June 2023 (both dates inclusive), or such
other period(s) as may be determined by Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC
Bank”) at its absolute discretion (the “Promotion Period”).
Eligibility
2. You will qualify for the Promotion (“Eligible Cardmember”) if:
i. you are an existing Principal OCBC Credit Cardmember with an Eligible Card (as defined
below) (Supplementary Cardmembers will not be eligible for the Promotion); and
ii. you have received an official SMS, EDM or Push Notification message (an “Invitation”)
from OCBC to participate in this Promotion. For avoidance of doubt, the Invitation to
participate is not transferrable; and
iii. you have enrolled in this Promotion by sending an SMS to 72377 with: MILES <space>
Date of Birth[DDMMYY] <space> Your 10-digit KrisFlyer no. (E.g. MILES 010203
0123456789) and ensured that the details in the SMS are correct for OCBC Bank’s
processing; and
iv. you have spent the amount of Qualifying Spend (as defined below) on the card during
the Promotion Period in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Promotion; and
v. your OCBC Credit Card accounts are active and in good standing with OCBC Bank from
the start of the Promotion Period until six (6) months after the end of the Promotion
Period.
Definitions
3. “Eligible Card” refers to the OCBC Credit Card that is listed in the Invitation that you have received
for this Promotion.
4. “Qualifying Spend”:
i. refers to any retail transaction (including face-to-face or online purchases) made;
ii. does not include payments or transactions relating to all card fees and charges, annual card
fees, interest, late payment charges, goods and services taxes, cash advances, balance
transfers, Cash-on-Instalments, other bank fees and charges, income tax payment, bill
payments made via Internet Banking and AXS, membership fees, NETS point-of-sale
transactions, funds to pre-paid accounts and merchants who are categorized as “payment
service providers” including (without limitation) EZ-Link, NETS FlashPay, Transit Link,
GrabPay, Youtrip, Shopee Pay, Singtel Pay;
iii. does not include transactions made with the following Merchant Category Codes (“MCC”):
MCC Description
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4829 Wire Transfer Money Orders (WTMOs)
4900 Utilities-Electric, Gas, Heating Oil, Sanitary, Water
5047 Medical, Dental, Ophthalmic and Hospital Equipment and Supplies
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5960 Direct Marketing Insurance Services
5993 Cigars, Stores and Stands
6010 Member Financial Institution–Manual Cash Disbursements
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
6051 Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency,
Non-Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting and Premiums
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers–RentalsOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited
6540 Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Cleaning, Maintenance and Janitorial Services
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
7995 Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-
Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Organizations, Charitable and Social Service
8651 Organizations, Political
8661 Organizations, Religious
8675 Automobile Associations
8699 Organizations, Membership–Not Elsewhere Classified (Labor Union)
9211 Court Costs Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
9402 Postal Services–Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases–Government Only
For the avoidance of doubt, MCCs are not assigned by OCBC Bank. A merchant’s registered
MCC may not always correspond with its nature of business, and OCBC Bank shall not be liable
in any way whatsoever to any Cardmember relating to the categorisation of a merchant’s MCC.
iv. will be determined by its transaction date based on Singapore Timing (UTC+08:00) and
must be posted for the spend to be qualified. For avoidance of doubt, the date on which the
transaction is submitted or posted may differ from the actual date the transaction was made
and OCBC Bank bears no liability for any late submission or transaction posting of any
purchase by any merchant that might affect the Promotion; and
5. For the avoidance of doubt, OCBC Bank has absolute discretion to determine whether a transaction
is considered a “Qualifying Transaction”.
6. Refunded or cancelled transactions will be deducted from the relevant billed amount taken into
consideration for the computation of Qualifying Spend.
Promotion Mechanics
7. Eligible Cardmembers who meet the minimum amounts of Qualifying Spend (“Minimum Qualifying
Spend”) during the Promotion Period will be able to enjoy KrisFlyer Miles (the “Gift”) by paying a
Fee (as defined below):
Minimum Qualifying Spend Gift Fee
S$15,000 25,000 KrisFlyer Miles S$418
S$20,000 48,000 KrisFlyer Miles S$788
8. Upon meeting the terms and conditions of this Promotion, the Fee will be charged to the Eligible
Cardmember’s Eligible Card with the highest Qualifying Spend and the Gift will be credited to the
Eligible Cardmember’s KrisFlyer account (as provided at point of enrolment) by 31 August 2023.
For illustration, if an Eligible Cardmember has made a Minimum Qualifying Spend of S$15,000
during the Promotion Period, a Fee of S$418 will be charged and 25,000 KrisFlyer Miles will be
credited by 31 August 2023. If an Eligible Cardmember has made a Minimum Qualifying Spend ofOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited
S$20,000 during the Promotion Period, a Fee of S$788 will be charged and 48,000 KrisFlyer Miles
will be credited by 31 August 2023.
9. Each Eligible Cardmember is entitled to a maximum of one (1) Gift upon meeting the terms and
conditions of this Promotion. For avoidance of doubt, each Eligible Cardmember is only entitled to
receive the Gift once regardless of the number of Invitations it received from OCBC Bank.
10. For principal cardmembers with supplementary cards, the Gift will be awarded for the aggregated
spend on both the principal card and supplementary card.
11. The Promotion shall not apply in conjunction with any other privileges or promotions, unless
otherwise stated.
12. OCBC Bank reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to determine whether a transaction
qualifies as a Qualifying Spend under the Promotion. If OCBC Bank in its sole and absolute
discretion decides that any transaction from which the Qualifying Spend is computed is not to be
considered a valid transaction, the Gift will not be awarded.
13. OCBC Bank reserves the right to claw-back and deduct from the Eligible Cardmember’s OCBC
Card account (the “Account”) the equivalent value of the Gift in the event the Account is closed or
terminated by the Cardmember or OCBC Bank, during, or within six (6) months from the end of the
Promotion Period. Further, if any Eligible Cardmember is subsequently discovered to be ineligible
to participate in the Promotion or to receive the Gift (which eligibility shall be determined at the
discretion of OCBC Bank), OCBC Bank reserves the right to (i) forfeit or withdraw the Gift at any
time; or (ii) (where the Gift has been utilized) claw-back the Gift from other OCBC accounts or
request the relevant customer to repay to or compensate OCBC Bank the value of the Gift at any
time, and OCBC Bank shall have the right to debit the value of the Gift or such other amount as it
deems fit from the account(s) of the customer. No person shall be entitled to any payment or
compensation from OCBC Bank should any Gift be forfeited or withdrawn, if any Gift is reclaimed
by OCBC Bank, or if a customer is asked to repay to or compensate OCBC Bank the value of the
Gift for whatsoever reasons.
14. Refund of the Fee paid shall not be entertained or allowed.
KrisFlyer Related Benefits
15. The Eligible Cardmember is aware that the terms and conditions of the Singapore Airlines’ KrisFlyer
Programme shall apply and agrees to be bound by the said terms and conditions.
16. The Eligible Cardmember understands and agrees that the successful charging of the Fee and
awarding of the Gift under this Promotion may take up to 2 months from the end of the Promotion
Period. Notwithstanding anything stated herein, OCBC shall not be liable for any delay in the
process for any reason whatsoever (including without limitation, delay due to incorrect information
or due to system constraints and errors).
17. For the avoidance of doubt, the KrisFlyer Miles will be credited to the relevant Eligible
Cardmember’s KrisFlyer membership account and it is the Eligible Cardmember’s responsibility to
provide all accurate and valid information (including without limitation the correct KrisFlyer
membership number) to effect the transfer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, OCBC shall
not be responsible for any losses, damages, claims, expenses, fees or liabilities howsoever incurred
or suffered by any Eligible Cardmember in relation to or as a result of the transfer of any KrisFlyer
Miles to the relevant Eligible Cardmember’s KrisFlyer membership account.
GeneralOversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited
18. The eligibility of any Eligible Cardmember to participate in this Promotion and/or to receive any Gift
shall be determined at the absolute discretion of OCBC Bank.
19. OCBC Bank reserves the right at its absolute discretion to terminate the Promotion or vary, delete
or add to any of these terms and conditions at any time without notice including without limitation,
the eligibility of any cardholder and the dates of the Promotion.
20. OCBC Bank shall not be responsible for the quality, merchantability or fitness for any purpose or
any other aspect of the Promotion, or any product and/or service relating to the Promotion.
Notwithstanding anything herein, OCBC Bank shall not at any time be responsible or held liable for
any defect or malfunction in any product or the deficiency in any service provided, and/or any loss,
injury, damage or harm suffered or incurred by or in connection with the Promotion, and/or the use
of any product and/or service relating to the Promotion, by any person.
21. OCBC Bank’s decisions on all matters relating to the Promotion shall be final and binding on all
participants. No correspondence or appeal shall be entertained by OCBC Bank. In the event of any
inconsistency between these terms and conditions and any brochure, marketing or promotional
material relating to the Promotion, these terms and conditions shall prevail.
22. OCBC Bank shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to any person in connection with the
Promotion howsoever arising, including any error in computing chances, any breakdown or
malfunction in any computer system or equipment, or any notice which is misdirected or lost in the
post or in transmission.
23. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and each participant in
the Promotion irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore. A
person who is not a party to any agreement governed by these terms and conditions shall have no
right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any of these terms and
conditions.