OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING OCBC 365 CREDIT CARD CASHBACK
PROGRAMME
The following terms and conditions and any other rules, procedures or instructions which we
may issue from time to time (collectively "Terms and Conditions") shall apply to the OCBC
365 Credit Card (“OCBC 365 Card”).
These Terms and Conditions together with the terms of the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement
(as may be amended, modified and supplemented by OCBC from time to time) shall govern
and apply to the OCBC 365 Card. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between these
Terms and Conditions and the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement, these Terms and
Conditions shall prevail in so far as they relate to the OCBC 365 Card.
All terms and references used in these Terms and Conditions and which are defined or
construed in the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement but are not defined or construed in these
Terms and Conditions shall have the same meaning and construction in these Terms and
Conditions.
1. Definitions
a) “Base Cashback” refers to cashback awarded every calendar month under Clause 2B.
b) “Card Transactions” refers to the transactions successfully charged and posted to the Card
Account by the Principal and Supplementary Cardmembers in each calendar month, but
excludes the Exclusions.
c) “Cashback” refers to the cashback awarded every calendar month under Clause 2 below.
d) “Exclusions” refers to the Card Transactions described under Clause 3(b) below.
e) “Minimum Spend Requirement” refers to all minimum spend requirements set out under
Clause 3(a) below.
2. Cashback
The OCBC 365 Card shall come with the following features:
A. Subject to the Minimum Spend Requirement being met:
a) 5% cashback on “Dining” Card Transactions
d
(i) “Dining” is defined as Card Transactions classified under the following Merchant Category e
tim
Code (“MCC”) and names: iL
n
o
• MCC 5811 (Caterers); ita
ro
• MCC 5812 (Restaurants and eating places); and p ro
C
• F
F
o
o
o
o
d
d
p
R
a
e
n
s
d
t
a
a
,
u
G
ra
r
n
a
t
b
s
F
)
ood and Deliveroo made under the MCC 5811, 5812, or 5814 (Fast g n ik
n a B
e
W 2
3 0 0 0
2
se
n
3
9 1
ih
C
:.o
a e -N .g
sre
v
O
e
R
.o
C
1(ii) Cashback on Dining includes:
• all in-store transactions in Singapore and Overseas; and
• Online transactions such as food delivery made via the internet and processed by
the respective merchants/acquirers as an online transaction type through the
Visa/MasterCard Worldwide networks.
(iii) For the avoidance of doubt, all Dining transactions below will not be eligible to receive
the 5% cashback under this category. Such transactions will only be eligible to receive the
Base Cashback:
• hotels dining and wedding banquet; and
• transactions not made in person such as telephone order or mail order.
b) 3% cashback on “Groceries” Card Transactions
(i) “Grocery” is defined as Card Transactions made in all grocery stores classified under
the MCC 5411 (Grocery Stores), which includes:
• In-store Card Transactions made in grocery stores in Singapore and Overseas; and
• Online Card Transactions such as grocery delivery made via the internet and
processed by the respective merchants/acquirers as an online transaction type
through the Visa/MasterCard Worldwide networks.
c) 3% cashback on “Land Transport” Card Transactions
(i) “Land Transport” is defined as Card Transactions classified under the following MCC:
a. MCC 4111 (Local/Suburban Commuter Passenger Transportation);
b. MCC 4011 (Railroads);
c. MCC 4112 (Passenger Railways);
d. MCC 4121 (Taxicabs and Limousines); and
e. MCC 4131 (Bus Lines, Including Charters, Tour Buses);
and is processed by the respective merchants/acquirers (whether as an online transaction
or otherwise) through the Visa/MasterCard Worldwide networks.
(ii) For avoidance of doubt, EZ-Link and Transit Link top up will not be eligible to earn
the 3% cashback under this category. Only Account-Based Ticketing and the use of
contactless payment for public transport fare payments will be eligible to earn the 3%
cashback under this category.
d) 6% cashback on “Petrol” Card Transactions
(i) “Petrol” is defined as Card Transactions classified under the following MCC:
• MCC 5541 (Service Stations); and
• MCC 5542 (Automated Fuel Dispensers);
(ii) Cashback on petrol transactions includes all transactions over the counter in
Singapore and Overseas, but excludes fleet card top ups such as Abecha Esso Fleet
2Card or Speedpass, or such others similar top-up transactions.
e) 3% cashback on “Recurring Telecommunications bill” and “Recurring Electricity
bill” Card Transactions
(i) “Recurring Telecommunications bill” is defined as bill payment made to the
telecommunication companies in Singapore and is charged to the OCBC 365 Card on a
monthly basis via the recurring payment service.
(ii) “Recurring Electricity bill” is defined as bill payment made to the electricity companies in
Singapore and is automatically charged to the OCBC 365 Card on a monthly basis via
the recurring payment service.
f) 3% cashback on “Watsons” Transactions
(i) “Watsons” is defined as Card Transactions made at Watsons and processed under
merchant description “WATSONS*” and “Watsons”, which includes:
a. All Watsons in-store transactions made in Singapore and Overseas; and
b. Online Card Transactions made at Watsons via the internet and processed as an
online transaction type through the Visa/MasterCard Worldwide networks.
(ii) For the avoidance of doubt, the below transactions will not be eligible to receive the 3%
cashback under this category. Such transactions will only be eligible to receive the Base
Cashback:
• Watsons purchases made on online marketplaces. Examples of online marketplaces
are – Lazada, Shopee, Amazon etc
g) 3% cashback on “Streaming” Card Transactions
(i) “Streaming” is defined as transactions classified under the following MCC and names:
• MCC 4899 (Cable, Satellite, and Other Pay Television and Radio Services); and
• Spotify, APPLE.COM/BILL CORK IE_U, APPLE.COM/BILL ITUNES.COM_U,
ITUNES.COM
h) 3% cashback on “Electric Vehicle Charging” Card Transactions
(i) “Electric Vehicle Charging” is defined as Card Transactions classified under the MCC 5552
(Electric Vehicle Charging).
B. 0.25% cashback on the following transactions:
• all Card Transactions if the Minimum Spend Requirement is not met,
• all Card Transactions (excluding Card Transactions under the categories listed at
Clause 2A) if the Minimum Spend Requirement is met; and
• Card Transactions expressly stated in Clause 2A(a)(iii) above.
C. 1% cashback on “Advertising Platform” Card Transactions with Full Payment Made
(i) “Advertising Platform” is defined as merchants classified under the following Merchant
3Category Codes (“MCC”) and the following merchant names:
• 99.CO
• EDGEPRO
• PROPERTYGURU
• STREETSINE
• FACEBOOK and META made under MCC 7311 (Advertising Services)
(ii) For avoidance of doubt, payments made via mobile wallet services (that OCBC Bank
may determine in its sole discretion) for “Advertising Platform” Card Transactions with
full payment made will not be eligible for the 1% cashback under this Clause C.
D. 0.5% cashback on “Advertising Platform” Card Transactions with Payments Made
in Instalments
(i) “Advertising Platform” is defined as merchants classified under the following Merchant
Category Codes (“MCC”) and the following merchant names:
• 99.CO
• EDGEPRO
• PROPERTYGURU
• STREETSINE
• FACEBOOK and META made under MCC 7311 (Advertising Services)
(ii) For avoidance of doubt, payments made via mobile wallet services (that OCBC Bank may
determine in its sole discretion) for “Advertising Platform” Card Transactions with
payments made in instalments will not be eligible for the 0.5% cashback under this Clause
D.
(iii) For avoidance of doubt, 0.5% cashback on “Advertising Platform” Card Transactions with
payments made in instalments (pursuant to Clause 2D) will be awarded on each payment
period’s instalment amount, with the 0.5% cashback earned credited into the Principal
Cardmember’s Card Account in the following month, based on the date of each posted
instalment transaction.
3. Minimum Spend Requirement
a) The Minimum Spend Requirement must be met to receive the Cashback listed at Clause
2A above. There is no minimum spend requirement to receive the Base Cashback. The
Minimum Spend Requirement can be aggregated between the Principal and Supplementary
Cardmembers and excludes transactions referred to in Table 1 of Clause 3(c).
The maximum amount of Cashback that one account (the Principal and all Supplementary
Cardmembers together) can earn in any calendar month is S$160.
Minimum Spend
Cashback Cap
Requirement
S$800 S$80
S$1,600 S$160
4b) There is no minimum spend requirement to receive the Cashback listed under Clauses
2C and 2D. There is also no cap on the amount of Cashback that one Card Account (posted
by both the Principal and all Supplementary Cardmembers) can earn pursuant to Clauses
2C and 2D in any calendar month.
c) Card transactions made under Table 1 below (or any other categories or transaction types
as determined by OCBC Bank in its absolute discretion from time to time) shall be excluded
from the computation of the Minimum Spend Requirement for Cashback.
Table 1
MCC Excluded Categories
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4829 Wire Transfer Money Orders (WTMOs)
5047 Medical, Dental, Ophthalmic and Hospital Equipment and
Supplies
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5262 Marketplaces (only for Shopee Pay)
5993 Cigars, Stores and Stands
6010, 6012 Member Financial Institution–Manual Cash
Disbursements/ Merchandise And Services
6051 Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions –
Foreign Currency, Non-Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300, 5960 Insurance Sales, Underwriting and Premiums/ Direct
Marketing Insurance Services
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers
6540 Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card
Purchase/Load
7349 Cleaning, Maintenance and Janitorial Services
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
7995 Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino
Gaming Chips, Off-Track Betting, and Wagers at Race
Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8211, 8220, Schools, Elementary and Secondary / Colleges,
8241, 8244, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges /
8249, 8299 Schools, Correspondence / Schools, Business and
Secretarial / Schools, Trade and Vocational / Schools
And Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398,8661 Charitable/Religious Organizations
8651 Political Organizations
8675 Automobile Associations
8699 Organizations, Membership-Not Elsewhere Classified
(Labor Union)
9211 Court Costs Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
59223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
9402 Postal Services–Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases–Government Only
Cashback is not awarded on the following: Annual card fees, Cash-On-Instalments,
Instalment Payment Plan (excluding specified instalment payments pursuant to Clause
2D), PayLite, tax payments, interest, late payment charges, cash advances, balance
transfers, bill payments made via Internet Banking, AXS or SAM network, EZ-Link and
Transit Link top up transactions, Shopee Pay and other fees and charges.
4. General Terms and Conditions
a) Cashback is computed based on 2 decimal places per transaction without any rounding.
b) Cashback earned will be credited into the Principal Cardmember’s Card Account in the
following month based on posted transaction. Cashback earned by a Supplementary
Cardmember will be credited to the Card Account of the Principal Cardmember.
c) The Minimum Spend Requirement can be aggregated between the Principal and
Supplementary Cardmembers.
d) We reserve the right to vary the percentage of the Cashback or revise the Minimum Spend
Requirement without notice at any time or from time to time.
e) Purchases charged to the OCBC 365 Card but yet to be posted to the Card Account will
not be taken into account in the computation of Cashback to be awarded.
f) Refunded purchases will be deducted from the relevant monthly billed amount for the
computation and award of Cashback. Any reversed portion of Cashback will be reflected in
the Billing Statement of the following month.
g) We may retract, deduct and/or re-compute any Cashback awarded if any Cardmember
fails to effect due payment for the Card Transactions, abuse the Programme as deemed
fit by the bank or if the Card Account is terminated by a Cardmember or the Bank.
h) Any Cashback awarded will be reflected in the Billing Statement provided on a monthly
basis. Such Cashback will be automatically offset against that month’s billed amount.
i) We reserve the right to replace the Cashback with another item or kind of reward as we may
determine without notice at any time or from time to time.
j) We reserve the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the Cardmember to
deduct, withdraw or cancel any Cashback awarded to you without liability. Cardmember will
not be entitled to any payment or compensation whatsoever in respect of such deduction,
withdrawal or cancellation.
k) The crediting of Cashback to Cardmember’s Card Account will be entirely at our discretion
and we shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage suffered or incurred by any
Cardmember in connection with the OCBC 365 Card.
6l) Our decision on all matters relating to or in connection with the OCBC 365 Card (including
this Programme) shall be final and binding on all Cardmembers.
m) In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms & Conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional material relating to the OCBC 365 Card, these Terms & Conditions
shall prevail.
n) We may, at our sole discretion and without notice, suspend the OCBC 365 Card at any time.
o) All Cashback will be awarded in accordance with, among other things, the relevant
recognised universal merchant category codes designated by the relevant merchant. As
such, OCBC Bank shall not be liable in any way whatsoever to reward any Cashback or
compensate any Cardmember for any losses, liabilities, expenses or claims suffered or
incurred by any such Cardmember if a relevant merchant classifies its universal merchant
category code inaccurately and thereby causing the inability of OCBC Bank to reward any
Cashback to any Cardmember.
p) The main business activity of a merchant and any card transaction performed at these
merchants are classified under MCCs assigned by Visa/Mastercard, which are determined
by the merchant and the merchant’s acquiring bank. The main business activity of a
merchant and the assigned MCC is not determined by OCBC Bank.
5. Amendments
We may vary, add, delete, amend or modify any one or more provisions in these Terms and
Conditions at any time and from time to time without notice. You are deemed to accept and
are bound by such variations, additions, deletions, amendments and/or modifications if you
do not terminate the use of the OCBC 365 Card.
6. Rights of third parties
A person who is not a party to these Terms and Conditions has no right under the Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions.
7. Governing law and jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Republic of Singapore, and you irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the Courts of the Republic of Singapore.
Version Date: 11 April 2025
7