The American Express® Platinum Credit Card
Terms and Conditions
Contents
Benefits Terms and Conditions Page. 2-4
1. Card Member Agreement
Page. 5-23
2.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989,
americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A. ®
Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.The American Express® Platinum Credit Card
Benefits Terms and Conditions
General Terms and Conditions
To enjoy the privileges or benefits, Card Members must present their American Express Platinum Credit
Card and all charges must be made to the Card.
American Express reserves the right to change, suspend or terminate these privileges and/or
benefits due to business reasons, change in contractual terms with our partners, and/or unforeseen
circumstances. The provision of services, activities or benefits stated is the responsibility of the
respective service establishment. Participation of service establishments is subject to change.
American Express acts solely as a payment provider and is not responsible or liable in the event that
such services, activities, or benefits are not provided or fulfilled by the service establishment. Card
Members acknowledge that any disputes in relation to the above are to be directed solely to the
service establishment providing such services, activities, or benefits. In the event of any disputes, the
decision of American Express shall be final.
Capitalized terms not herein defined have the same meanings given to them in the Card Member
Agreement – Terms and Conditions below.
PLATINUM DINING
Love Dining @ Hotels
• For the updated list of participating hotels, please visit go.amex/ldhotels.
• Terms and Conditions apply at go.amex/ldhotelstnc.
Love Dining @ Restaurants
• For the updated list of participating restaurants, please visit go.amex/ldrestaurants.
• Terms and Conditions apply at go.amex/ldrestaurantnc.
PLATINUM LIFESTYLE
Fashion & Dining Credit
• Terms and Conditions apply. For more information, please visit go.amex/plat-fashion-dining-
credit.
Chillax by Platinum
• Terms and Conditions apply. For more information, please visit go.amex/chillax.
Platinum Golf
• Terms and Conditions apply. For more information, please visit go.amex/golfcc.Platinum Wellness
• Terms and Conditions apply. For more information, please visit go.amex/platinumspa.
PLATINUM REWARDS
Membership Rewards® Programme
• Earn 2 Membership Rewards points for every full S$1.60 spent.
• Membership Rewards points will be awarded for every full S$1.60 spent as long as your Card
Account remains valid and enrolled in the Membership Rewards programme, and provided it
remains in good standing and is not cancelled for any reason.
• Membership Rewards Terms and Conditions apply. Please visit go.amex/mrtncs for more details.
10Xcelerator by Membership Rewards®
• Earn 2 Membership Rewards points and additional 8 Membership Rewards points (total of 10
Membership Rewards points) for every full S$1.60 spent at Platinum 10Xcelerator Partners in
Singapore.
• Membership Rewards points will be awarded for every full S$1.60 spent as long as your Card
Account remains valid and enrolled in the Membership Rewards programme, and provided it
remains in good standing and is not cancelled for any reason.
• Participation of merchants is subject to change from time to time.
• Please visit go.amex/10xceleratorsg for the updated listing.
• Membership Rewards Terms and Conditions apply. Please visit go.amex/mrtncs for more details.
Membership Rewards Frequent Traveller Option
• Membership Rewards Frequent Traveller Option enrolment fees will be waived as long as
you hold a valid American Express Platinum Credit Card which remains in good
standing and is not cancelled for any reason.
• Membership Rewards points will not expire as long as your Card Account remains valid
and enrolled in Membership Rewards programme, and provided it remains in good
standing and is not cancelled for any reason.
Membership Rewards Frequent Customer Programme
• Membership Rewards points may be converted into any one or more participating Frequent
Customer Programmes.
• To convert accrued Membership Rewards points to any participating Frequent Customer
Programme, the Card Member must first join or be a member of the applicable Frequent
Customer Programme. Enrolment in such Frequent Customer Programme is the Card
Member’s responsibility.
• The conversion rates for Membership Rewards points into participating Frequent Customer
Programmes, minimum Membership Rewards points transfers and incremental transfers
vary among participating Frequent Customer Programmes and details are communicated
on a regular basis. In any event, Card Members should telephone the Membership
Rewards Customer Service Hotline for up-to-date details.
• Frequent Traveller Rewards may be redeemed by Basic Card Members and points
transferred only to Basic Card Member's account in the Frequent Customer Programme.
• Card Members are subject to and must comply with the terms and conditions applying to
participating Frequent Customer Programmes in which they are enrolled.• American Express assumes no responsibility for Membership Rewards points converted
from a Card Member’s Programme Account into a participating Frequent Customer
Programme or for the actions of any participating airline or hotel in connection with its
Frequent Customer Programme or otherwise.
• Any airline’s or hotel’s participation in the Programme is subject to change from time to time.
• American Express Card travel insurance and benefits, including but not limited to those
listed below, will not apply to flights taken with frequent flyer tickets, including frequent
flyer tickets obtained by using Membership Rewards points converted from a Programme
Account:
• Travel Accident Insurance
• Travel Inconvenience Reimbursement Plan
Card Member insurance and travel benefit programmes expressly offering an option for
frequent flyer ticket coverage are an exception to the foregoing, but only if the Card
Member has enrolled in such and has paid the fee for, and otherwise complied with the
terms and conditions of the particular insurance programme.
PLATINUM SERVICES
Purchase Protection Benefit
• 90 days Purchase Protection Benefit is underwritten by Chubb Insurance Singapore Limited.
• Purchase protection is subject to a total limit of S$25,000 for a period of one (1) calendar
year from the date of issue of the Card or latest renewal date, whichever is the later.
• Other Terms and Conditions apply. For full set of Purchase Protection Terms and Conditions,
please visit go.amex/sgplatgnac.
Return Guarantee Benefit
• 90 days Return Guarantee Benefit is underwritten by Chubb Insurance Singapore Limited.
• Return guarantee is subject to a total limit of S$5,000 for a period of one (1) calendar year from
the date of issue of the Card or latest renewal date, whichever is the later.
• Other Terms and Conditions apply. For the full Return Guarantee Benefit Terms and Conditions,
please visit go.amex/sgplatgnac.
Travel Accident Benefit
• Travel Accident Insurance is underwritten by Chubb Insurance Singapore Limited.
• S$100,000 coverage for loss of life, limb, sight, speech, hearing or permanent disablement if
caused by an accident on a trip. Additional benefit of up to S$1,000,000 if the accident
occurred while on a public conveyance (e.g. aircraft). Limited to S$10,000 and up to
S$100,000 if the insured person is under the age of 16.
• Other Terms and Conditions apply. For the full Travel Accident Benefit Terms and Conditions,
please visit go.amex/sgplatgnac.Important Information on your
American Express® Platinum Credit Card
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
1. Cardmember Agreement
The Cardmember Agreement for this Card (as may be amended, substituted
or supplemented by us from time to time) shall govern the use of your
Card Account. A copy of the prevailing Cardmember Agreement is made
available on the American Express website. In the event of any inconsistency
between the information in this leaflet and the Cardmember Agreement, the
Cardmember Agreement shall prevail.
2. Finance Charges for Purchases
If payment of the closing balance on your statement is not made in full by
the relevant payment due date, a fi nance charge at the applicable interest
rate of 27.80% p.a. (subject to compounding) will be levied from each
transaction date on all charges in the statement and all new charges posted
after the statement date. Please refer to Cardmember Agreement for the
basis of interest computation.
3. Annual Membership Fees (inclusive of GST)
TYPE OF CARD BASIC SUPPLEMENTARY
S$163.50 each
American Express S$327 (First 2 Cards are
Platinum Credit Card complimentary)
4. Retrieval Fee for Documents
A retrieval fee of S$10 will apply for retrieval of your statement of Account
and S$5 for retrieval of your record of charge.
5. Service Charge for Returned Cheques/GIRO
An administrative fee of S$50 will be charged for returned GIRO
arrangement.
USEFUL INFORMATION
1. Credit Card Interest Rate Policy
This is American Express’ policy about how we adjust Credit Card interest
rates based on your payment history. Under this policy, in the event we do
not receive from you the minimum payment amount due on your statement
of account by the relevant payment due date, you will be in default.
If you have three or more defaults in the last 12 months, we may adjust the
interest rate applicable to your Card Account by an additional 3% p.a. on
top of prevailing interest (subject to compounding).
This higher interest rate will be in effect for 12 consecutive months. During
this period, if you maintain a good credit record and your Card Account is
not cancelled or terminated, your interest rate may be reinstated to our
prevailing base interest rate.
2. Repayment Grace Period
The repayment grace period is 22 days from the date of the Statement of
Account.
3. Express Cash Charges
A handling fee of 5% of your transaction amount will apply for each
transaction amount. Financial charges at 26.90% p.a. will be charged upon
the withdrawal date until the withdrawal amount and the relevant fees are
settled in full.4. Minimum Monthly Payment
The minimum payment amount due on a statement of account is 3% of the
outstanding balance plus the total sum of any overdue minimum payment
and late payment charges, and any amount exceeding your Credit limit, or
S$50, whichever is greater.
5. Late Payment Charges
A late payment fee of S$100 per month will be charged if the minimum
payment is not received by the due date.
6. Lost/Stolen Card Liability
Please notify us immediately on the loss of your American Express
Card. You shall not be liable for any unauthorised charges made after
you have given due notification to us, provided that neither you nor any
Supplementary Card Member contributed to, or was involved in or benefited
from the loss, theft or misuse of the Card. Your liability for unauthorised
Charges effected before such notice shall be limited to S$100.
7. Foreign Exchange Charges
If we receive a transaction or refund for processing in a currency other than
Singapore Dollars (“Foreign Charge”), our currency conversion affiliate,
AE Exposure Management Limited (“AEEML”) will convert it into US Dollars
first (unless it was submitted to us in US Dollars) and convert it from US
Dollars into Singapore Dollars. The conversion will take place on the date
the Foreign Charge is processed by American Express, which may not be
the same date on which the Foreign Charge was made as it depends on
when the Foreign Charge was submitted to American Express. Exchange
rate fluctuations can be significant. The exchange rate AEEML uses, which
is called the “American Express Exchange Rate”, will be:
• the rate required by applicable law or used as a matter of local custom
or convention in the territory where the transaction or refund is made
(in which case AEEML will look to be consistent with that custom or
convention), or where this doesn’t apply;
• based on interbank rates selected from customary industry sources on
the business day prior to the processing date.
We will increase the Foreign Charge by a single conversion commission of
3.25%. The American Express Exchange Rate is set each day from Monday
to Friday including public holidays except for Christmas Day and New Year’s
Day. You acknowledge that any refund of a Foreign Charge may be different
to the Foreign Charge amount originally processed on your Card Account.
The difference is generally because:
(i) the refund and Foreign Charge may be processed on different days with
different rates;
(ii) the refund may be only a partial refund for the Foreign Charge; or
(iii)where third parties convert charges in foreign currency, those third
parties may treat refunds differently to the original foreign currency
charge.
When making a transaction in foreign currency, you may be given the option
to allow a third party (for example, the retailer) to convert the transaction
into Singapore Dollars before submitting it to us. If you decide to do this,
then that third party will determine the exchange rate and any commission
or fees payable for the currency conversion and submit that transaction
to us in Singapore Dollars, meaning we will not convert the transaction or
apply a currency conversion fee. It is your decision whether to use such
third party currency conversion or not and in such cases, you should check
the fees and charges before completing the transaction to ensure that you
do not pay more than necessary.American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard,
Singapore 018989, americanexpress.com.sg
Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express
Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express
Company. SG10481254E 08/23Product Highlight Sheet
The American Express®
Product name
Platinum Credit Card
Interest-free period 22 days from statement date if bills are paid in full
27.80% p.a. compounded if payment of the
closing balance in your statements is not made
Interest on purchases
in full; or 3% p.a. on top of prevailing interest in
(where applicable)
the event that your account has three or more
defaults1 in the last 12 months
26.90% p.a. compounded daily from date of
Interest on cash
withdrawal until the withdrawal amount and the
advances
relevant fees are paid in full
Minimum monthly
3% or S$50, whichever is higher
payment
S$100 if minimum monthly payment is not made
Late payment charges
by due date
Annual membership fee
S$327
(inclusive of GST)
Handling fee of 5% of your withdrawal amount will
Cash advance fee
apply for each withdrawal amount
Fees for foreign
3.25%
currency transactions
Dynamic currency
N.A.
conversion fee
S$100 (For details, refer to clause 9 of ABS Guide
Lost / stolen card on “What You Should Know About Credit Cards”
liability using the following URL hyperlink to: go.amex/
absguide)
Monthly Paper S$1.09
Statement Fee Please refer to go.amex/statementfee for the
(Inclusive of GST) full terms and conditions of Paper Statement
Fees.
There may be circumstances in which you have to pay other fees.
See the full list of Terms and Conditions
Note:
1. You are in default if minimum payment is not received by us on the payment due
date stated on your monthly statement
Visit go.amex/platgterms for full Terms and Conditions. If you wish to receive a
printed copy of the same Terms and Conditions, please contact our Customer Service
at 1800 396 6000.American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard,
Singapore 018989, americanexpress.com.sg
Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express
Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express
Company. SG10341240E 08/23The American Express® Platinum Credit Card
Card Member Agreement – Terms and Conditions
IMPORTANT
Please read these Terms and Conditions thoroughly. If you keep or use The American Express
Platinum Credit Card, you will be agreeing to these Terms and Conditions and they will govern your
use of the Credit Card. If you do not wish to accept these Terms and Conditions, please cut the Credit
Card in half and return the pieces to us as soon as possible.
1. Definitions
In these Terms and Conditions, the following words shall have the respective meanings set out
hereunder unless the context otherwise requires:
“Account” or “Card Account” or “American Express Platinum Credit Card Account” means any
Account maintained by us under these Terms and Conditions.
“Agreement” means these Terms and Conditions.
“Available Credit Limit” means the Credit Limit less previous balance less all new charges.
“Balance Transfer” means the credit facility offered at the discretion of American Express to allow
the amount(s) outstanding from other bank credit card(s) to your American Express Platinum Credit
Card on such Terms and Conditions from time to time.
“Basic Credit Card Member” means the individual in whose name The American Express Platinum
Credit Card Account is maintained.
“Cash Advances” means any cash advance obtained by use of a Credit Card, PIN or otherwise
authorised by you for debit to the Account.
“Charge” means a transaction made or charged with the Credit Card, whether or not a Record of
Charge form is signed, and also includes Cash Advances, Express Cash transactions, Balance
Transfers, fees, interest, taxes and all other amounts you have agreed to pay us or have agreed to be
liable for under these Terms and Conditions.
“Closing Balance” means the sum total of the Basic Credit Card Member’s and Supplementary Credit
Card Member’s (if any) liabilities according to our records on the date of issue of the statement.
“Credit Card” means The American Express Platinum Credit Card and The American Express
Platinum Supplementary Credit Card or either of them (where applicable).
“Credit Limit” means the maximum amount which we allow to be charged to your Account.“Establishment” means a person, company, firm, proprietorship, partnership, business or
organisation which accepts The American Express Credit Card in payment for goods and/or
services. “GST” means Goods and Services Tax in Singapore.
“Payment Due Date” means the date specified in the statement for payment of the Closing Balance
or any part thereof (including the minimum payment).
“PIN” means the personal identification number given by us or chosen by you for use with the Credit
Card.
“Singapore Dollars” means the lawful currency of Singapore.
“Supplementary Credit Card Member” means an individual other than The American Express
Platinum Basic Credit Card Member to whom a Credit Card is issued and whose Charges are
chargeable to the Basic Credit Card Member’s Credit Card Account.
“Terms and Conditions” means the Terms and Conditions set out herein and by which the use of the
Credit Cards shall be governed and shall include all modifications and supplementals thereto from
time to time.
“U.S. Dollars” means the lawful currency of the United States of America.
“We”, “our”, “us”, “Amex” and “American Express” mean American Express International Inc.
“You” and “Your” means The American Express Platinum Basic Credit Card Member or where
appropriate, The Supplementary Credit Card Member(s).
The headings in these Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and shall not affect the
interpretation of the provisions in these Terms and Conditions.
Unless the context otherwise requires or permits, references to the singular number shall include
references to the plural number and vice versa and references to natural persons shall include bodies
corporate.
2. Use of the Credit Card
You must
(i) sign the Credit Card issued to you in ink as soon as you receive it and before you use it;
(ii) keep any PIN secret and separate from the Credit Card;
(iii) only use the Credit Card within the validity dates shown on its face;(iv) not give the Credit Card or your Account number to others or allow them to use it for Charges,
identification or any other purpose. If you do so, you will be liable for all Charges incurred
on the Credit Card as a result;
(v) not return any goods, tickets or services obtained with the Credit Card for a cash refund, but
you may return them to an Establishment for credit to your Account, if that
Establishment agrees or is obliged to do so;
(vi) not obtain credit credit to your Account for any reason other than as a refund for goods or
services previously purchased with the Credit Card;
(vii) not use the Credit Card if a petition for your bankruptcy has been filed, unless the petition
is withdrawn, or if you do not honestly expect to be able to make the minimum required
repayment in full on receipt of your monthly statement;
(viii) not use the Credit Card for any unlawful purpose
3. Liability
If you are the Basic Credit Card Member, you are liable to us for all Charges on the Basic Credit Card
and any Supplementary Credit Card(s) issued at your request; and you agree that all these Credit
Card(s) will be used in a manner consistent with these Terms and Conditions. If you are a
Supplementary Credit Card Member, you agree to use each Supplementary Credit Card bearing your
name in a manner consistent with these Terms and Conditions and you will be jointly and severally
liable with the Basic Credit Card Member for all Charges made in connection with the Supplementary
Credit Card. All communication sent or given to the Basic Credit Card Member or the Supplementary
Credit Card Member is deemed to be sent or given to both. We have the right to appropriate all
payments made by you in the manner we deem fit, notwithstanding any instructions given to us at
the time of such payment. In the event that we receive contradicting instructions from the Basic
Credit Card Member and the Supplementary Credit Card Member(s), we may, in the exercise of our
discretion, then only act on the instructions of the Basic Credit Card Member.
4. Credit Limit
We will determine your Credit Limit in respect of each Account. We may revise any of your Credit
Limit(s) at our discretion without prior notice, and you will be informed of this. Your Credit Limit will
also be shown on your monthly statement together with the amount of available credit at the
statement closing date. You must not exceed the Credit Limit. Your Credit Limit will be cancelled if
your Account is cancelled. If you fail to settle the minimum payment due on or before the payment
due date, American Express reserves the right to revise the Credit Limit. You will not be entitled to
interest on credit balances on your Account. If you have more than one Card issued by American
Express, the Credit Limit is a combined Credit Limit for all the Card Accounts and the total
indebtedness on the Card Accounts must not exceed the Credit Limit. If your
total indebtedness exceeds the Credit Limit, you must make immediate payment of any excess above
the Credit Limit.5. Express Cash
Express Cash is available for Credit Card Members with more than six (6) months’ Credit Card
Membership. If you wish to obtain cash advances with the Credit Card, you may apply for enrolment
in the Express Cash facility. To do so, you must complete and submit an enrolment form. We may
decline your application at our discretion. A PIN will be required to obtain cash advances with the
Credit Card. You can withdraw up to 20% of your Credit Limit, subject to your available balance and
up to US$1,000 for overseas withdrawals in cash every 14 days. We may vary this amount from time
to time. The applicable interest rate, handling charges, transaction charges and other Terms and
Conditions for Express Cash transactions will be communicated to you. For Express Cash, the
handling fee for each transaction shall be 5% of your transaction amount. Finance charges at
26.90% p.a. will be charged upon the withdrawal date until the withdrawal amount and relevant fees
are paid in full.
6. Annual Fee
Annual fees are payable for use of the Basic Credit Card and each Supplementary Credit Card at such
rates as we communicate to you from time to time. Any fee reductions or waivers which may be
offered by us from time to time may be withdrawn or restricted by us at any time.
7. GST
You shall be solely responsible for any GST, including any tax of a similar nature that may be
substituted for it or levied in addition to it chargeable by law on any payment we are required by law
to collect and pay in respect of such GST.
8. Interest
(i) You must pay interest on each Charge at the annual percentage rate shown on your
statement from the date it is debited to your Account until it is fully repaid, except where
an interest free period applies under (ii) below.
(ii) Interest is not payable on a Charge (other than a Cash Advance or Balance Transfer) if you
paid the full Closing Balance on your previous monthly statement by the minimum
payment due date; and you also pay the full Closing Balance on your current monthly
statement by the minimum payment due date.
(iii) Interest, if payable, is calculated by multiplying the daily balance of Charges on which interest
is payable; by the daily percentage rate (annual percentage rate divided by 360); and
then adding up the daily interest charges for the applicable period.(iv) Interest, if payable, is debited to your Account on the last date of each
statement period and is shown on your statement.
9. Variation of Interests, Fees and Charges
We are entitled, due to changes in the business, legal and/or competitive environment and at our
absolute discretion, to vary or determine at any time and from time to time the amounts, rates,
types and/or basis of calculation of all interests, fees and charges payable by you herein. Any
changes of interests, fees and charges may be contained in the statement and shall be effective
from such date as we may specify. We may debit to your Account and/or request that you pay
the same on demand as we deem fit.
10. Monthly Statement
We will send you a statement once a month for each billing period during which there is any
activity or a balance outstanding on your Account. The statement will identify purchases, Cash
Advances, Balance Transfer transaction, fees and all other Charges, payments and credits to
your Account during the billing period. The statement will also disclose to you the interest charge,
statement date, opening balance, new Charges, credits, Closing Balance, Credit Limit, Available
Credit Limit at statement date, Payment Due Date and minimum payment. The time between
successive monthly statements will vary depending upon the number of business days in the
month. You agree to notify us in writing of any omission from or error on the statement within 22
days of the date of the statement. If you do not do so, the statement shall be conclusive and
binding on you.
11. Minimum Payment
(i) The monthly statement will show the minimum payment you need to pay us which will be
3% of the outstanding balance plus the total sum of any overdue minimum payment
and late payment charges, and any amount exceeding your Credit Limit, or S$50
whichever is greater.
(ii) The minimum payment is due and payable by you to us on or before the Payment Due
Date. Payment takes place only when we receive it and credit it to your Account – not
when you send it.
(iii) You will be required to pay us immediately if your Account is overdue or you exceed your
Credit Limit. The amount you must pay will be notified on your statement.
(iv) You may pay more than the minimum amount due, pay us before the Payment Due Date,
pay us more than once during the billing period or pay the balance outstanding on
your Account at any time.
(v) You must always pay us in Singapore Dollars via the payment methods notified by us to
you. You may also authorise your financial institution to debit directly from your
account with them the total amount of the minimum payment due in the monthly
statement(“Direct Debit”). If you select Direct Debit, we will advise you of the Terms and Conditions
governing its operation.
(vi) If we decide to accept payment in another currency, we shall convert your payment to
Singapore Dollars at our rate and credit it to your Account.
(vii) If we receive a draft or other payment instrument from or for you that is not honoured in
full, you agree to pay us the dishonoured amount plus any reasonable collection costs
and legal fees we incur. If you pay us through Direct Debit and our debit to your account
with a financial institution is not honoured in full, you agree to pay us the dishonoured
amount plus any reasonable collection costs and legal fees incurred by us. We may
charge a handling fee for any dishonoured payment order.
12. Late Payment Charge
If we do not receive payment of the minimum payment due shown on the monthly statement by the
Payment Due Date, we reserve the right to impose a late payment charge of S$100 per month or any
other rate as may be determined by us and notified to you from time to time.
13. Suspension/Termination
(i) BY YOU: You can terminate this Agreement at any time by giving us written notice and
returning to us all Credit Cards issued for use on the Account. Termination will only be
effective when we receive all such Credit Cards and payment of all amounts outstanding
in respect of the Account. You can cancel the use of a Credit Card by Supplementary
Credit Card Member by notifying us in writing but you will remain liable for all Charges
incurred by the Supplementary Credit Card Member.
(ii) BY US: We can suspend the use of any Credit Card or terminate this Agreement at any time
without having to give any reason or notice. Where we terminate the Agreement, all
monies outstanding on the Account (including Charges or Cash Advances not yet debited)
will become due and payable immediately and you shall pay default interest thereon at
the annual percentage rate shown on your statement or at such other rate as may be
determined by us from time to time, from the date of termination until full payment. We
may inform Establishments of cancelled Credit Cards. If the Credit Card is cancelled, you
must cut it in half and return both halves to us at once. You must hand it over to any
Establishment that so requests or to any third party nominated by us. You agree not to
use the Credit Card after it has been cancelled.
14. Authorisation
Certain Charges may need to be authorised by us before they will be accepted by an Establishment.
We have the right to refuse authorisation for any Charge, Cash Advance or Balance Transfer
transactions without giving any reason or prior notice notwithstanding that the Credit Limit has not
been exceeded, and we shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damage resulting from
such refusal. When we give an Establishment permission to charge your Account, we assume the
transaction will take place and therefore reduce the Credit Limit on your Account by the sum
authorised.15. Foreign Exchange Charges
If we receive a transaction or refund for processing in a currency other than Singapore Dollars
(“Foreign Charge”), our currency conversion affiliate, AE Exposure Management Limited (“AEEML”)
will convert it into US Dollars first (unless it was submitted to us in US Dollars) and convert it from US
Dollars into Singapore Dollars. The conversion will take place on the date the Foreign Charge is
processed by American Express, which may not be the same date on which the Foreign Charge was
made as it depends on when the Foreign Charge was submitted to American Express. Exchange rate
fluctuations can be significant.
The exchange rate AEEML uses, which is called the “American Express Exchange Rate”, will be:
• the rate required by applicable law or is used as a matter of local custom or convention in the
territory where the transaction or refund is made (in which case AEEML will look to be
consistent with that customer or convention), or where this doesn’t apply;
• based on interbank rates selected from customary industry sources on the business day
prior to the processing date
We will increase the Foreign Charge by a single conversion commission of 3.25%. The American
Express Exchange Rate is set each day from Monday to Friday including public holidays except for
Christmas Day and New Year’s Day.
You acknowledge that any refund of a Foreign Charge may be different to the Foreign Charge amount
originally processed on your Card Account. The difference is generally because:
(i) the refund and Foreign Charge may be processed on different days with different rates;
(ii) the refund may be only a partial refund for the Foreign Charge; or
(iii) where third parties convert charges in foreign currency, those third parties may treat refunds
differently to the original foreign currency charge.
When making a transaction in foreign currency, you may be given the option to allow a third party (for
example, the retailer) to convert the transaction into Singapore Dollars before submitting it to us. If
you decide to do this, then that third party will determine the exchange rate and any commission or
fees payable for the currency conversion and submit that transaction to us in Singapore Dollars,
meaning we will not convert the transaction or apply a currency conversion fee. It is your decision
whether to use such third party currency conversion or not and in such cases, you should check the
fees and charges before completing the transaction to ensure that you do not pay more than
necessary.
16. Disclosure of Insurance Arrangements
We identify insurance providers and products that may be of interest to some of our customers. In
this role we do not act as an agent or fiduciary for you, and we may act on behalf of the insurance
provider, as permitted by law. We want you to be aware that we receive commissions from providers
and commissions may vary by provider and product. Also, in some cases, an American Express entity
may be the reinsurer and may earn reinsurance income. The arrangements we have with certain
providers, including the potential to reinsure products, may also influence what products we identify.
We do not require you to purchase any insurance product, and you may choose to cover your
insurance needs from other sources on terms they may make available to you.17. Lost, Stolen or Misused Credit Cards
You agree to notify us by telephone or otherwise, immediately if the Credit Card is lost, stolen,
mutilated, not received when due or if you suspect that the Credit Card is being used without your
permission. You shall be liable for any unauthorised use of the Credit Card to the extent permitted by
law. You shall not be liable for any unauthorised Charges made after you have given notice to us, and
your liability for unauthorised Charges effected before such notice shall be limited to S$100 or the
equivalent thereof provided that you have acted in good faith and with reasonable care and diligence
in safeguarding the Credit Card and in promptly notifying us. We may also require you to lodge a
police report and furnish us with a copy thereof. The retrieval of the original Credit Card must
immediately be reported to us and it must be cut in half and the pieces returned to us.
18. Change of Particulars
You must notify us immediately of any change(s) in your name, address and contact numbers.
Please contact Customer Service for any change in particulars, dial 1800 396 6000 for assistance.
19. Billing Errors or Enquiries/Problems with Goods or Purchases
If you have a problem with your monthly statement, please contact us at once and we will take
reasonable steps to assist you by providing such information as may be necessary in relation to
Charges charged to your Account. We may charge a reasonable administrative fee for statement
reprints or duplicate Record of Charge forms. If an Establishment issues a credit slip in respect of a
Charge, we will, upon receipt, credit the amount shown on that credit slip to the Credit Card Account.
No dispute with or claim against an Establishment shall entitle you to any right of set-off or
counterclaim against us. We shall not be liable to you for goods or services supplied by any
Establishment, or the quality or performance of any goods or services, charged with the Credit Card
or if an Establishment refuses to accept the Credit Card. You must raise any claim or dispute directly
with the Establishment concerned and, subject to any law to the contrary, you are not entitled to
withhold payment from us because of such claim or dispute.
20. Renewal/Replacement/Additional Cards
The Credit Card will be valid until the expiration date printed on the face of the Credit Card. It is
understood and agreed that you are requesting us to issue to you a renewal, replacement or
additional card (including any new card(s) from us on such terms and conditions that will be provided
to you for acceptance) before the current Credit Card expires or is cancelled by us. If you are the
Basic Credit Card Member, you are also requesting us to issue to any Supplementary Credit Card
Member(s) renewal, replacement or additional supplementary card(s) (including any new
supplementary card(s) from us on such terms and conditions that will be provided to you and/or the
Supplementary Credit Card Member(s) for acceptance) before the current Supplementary Credit
Card(s) expire or are cancelled by us. We will bill renewal fees for the Account annually. We will
continue to issue renewal or replacement Credit Cards and Supplementary Credit Card(s) unless any
of the events in Clause 13 above occurs. We retain the right to refuse to issue and/or suspend
dispatch of renewal, replacement or additional cards at our discretion.21. Exchange Controls and Tax
You must comply with any and all applicable exchange control and tax laws and regulations affected
by the use of the Credit Card, and you agree to indemnify us against any consequences of your
failure to comply with these laws and regulations.
22. Data Protection and Use of Personal Data
22.1. Disclosure of Personal Information
You agree that any information provided by you in the application form, at our request or
otherwise collected, including information relating to your Supplementary Card Members, during
the operation of your Account (“Personal Information”) and any data derived from your Personal
Information may be disclosed to:
(i) companies within the worldwide American Express group of companies (“Amex Group
companies”);
(ii) third parties who process transactions submitted by merchants on the American Express
network where you use the Card worldwide;
(iii) processors and suppliers we or Amex Group companies may engage;
(iv) the providers of services and benefits associated with your Account;
(v) consumer credit bureaus, collection agencies and lawyers;
(vi) parties who accept the Card in payment for goods and/or services purchased by you;
(vii) parties who distribute the Card;
(viii) any other co-branded partner of Amex set out in the Terms and Conditions governing
use of your Account;
(ix) banks, financial institutions, government agencies, statutory boards or authorities in
Singapore or elsewhere;
(x) anyone to whom we may transfer contractual rights; and
(xi) any other party approved by you or to whom you have given your consent or to whom we
consider it in our interests to make such disclosure
22.2. Use of Information
We may use your Personal Information, including in aggregated form or combined with other
information for any of the following purposes:
(i) Delivering our products and services to you, including the management and operation of your
Account;
(ii) Improving our products and services and to conduct research and analysis;(iii) For marketing purposes where you have provided your consent to us for the same, and
with such consent, we (including our affiliates and related corporations and their
employees and agents) and our third party service providers may be sending and
providing you with marketing information and/or documents relating to products,
services and/or events that we or third party organisations we collaborate with, may be
selling, marketing, offering, organising, involved in or promoting, whether existing now or
created in the future;
(iv) Managing risks relating to our business, including credit risk, fraud risk and operational
risk.
Your data may also be used for other purposes for which you give your specific permission, or
when required by law, or where permitted under the terms of the Personal Data Protection Act
2012.
22.3. Supplementary Card Members
Where we have been asked to issue a Supplementary Card:
(i) you consent to us disclosing to the Supplementary Card Member details about the status of
your Account including details of transactions, the outstanding balance and details of
any overdue payments;
(ii) you consent to the Supplementary Card Member providing us with Personal Information
about you for additional identity authentication purposes, to register for on-line services
and to access enhanced and new services; and
(iii) Supplementary Card Members will not be permitted to change any of your Personal
Information without your express consent.
22.4. Third Party Consents
Where you provide us with information relating to a third party (including Supplementary Card
Members); or where you purchase goods and/or services on behalf of a third party, you confirm
and warrant that you have informed and obtained consent, if necessary, of that third party to the
processing of his or her information by American Express (and where relevant, other parties) in
accordance with this paragraph 22. In respect of Supplementary Card Members, this may
include the use of his or her details for marketing purposes or disclosure for the purposes set out
in detail in the Consumer Credit Bureau section below.
22.5. Marketing
Where you have given consent to receive marketing offers from us, we (including our affiliates
and related corporations and their employees and agents) and our third party service providers
may be sending and providing you with marketing information and/or documents relating to
products, services and/or events that we or third party organisations we collaborate with, may
be selling, marketing, offering, organising, involved in or promoting, whether existing now or
created in the future, by (a) telephone/voice calls and by SMS (text messages); and (b) postal
mail and e-mail; and (c) way of the internet or using other electronic means. You agree that your
consent will remain in place until you withdraw it.If you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent previously provided to us to send you
marketing information or documents, you may do so by going to
americanexpress.com.sg/mychoice to update your privacy preferences at any time. We will also,
from time to time, contact you to ensure that the information we hold about your marketing
preferences is up to date.
22.6. Consumer Credit Bureau
We will exchange your Personal Information with consumer credit bureaus and carry out credit
checks and other assessments. We may inform the bureaus of the current balance on your
Account and we may tell them if you do not make payments when due. They will record this
information and may share this with other organisations in accordance with their legal powers
and obligations.
22.7. Electronic or Telephone Communication
If you contact us by any electronic means, we may record the telephone number or internet
protocol address associated with that, at the time. We may also monitor and/ or record
telephone calls between us to assure the quality of our customer service.
22.8. International Transfer of Data
Your Personal Information may be processed, accessed or disclosed (in accordance with this
paragraph 22) in countries outside Singapore when you travel or make foreign purchases and for
the purpose of administering your Account. In such cases, we will take appropriate steps to
ensure the same level of protection for your information in other countries outside Singapore.
22.9. Retention of Information
We keep Personal Information for the purposes described in this paragraph 22 for as long as is
appropriate to fulfil our legal obligations in accordance with applicable law.
22.10. Access and Correction
You are entitled at any time to request access to information held by us about you or your
Account and to update and correct such information. You agree that American Express may
impose a modest charge to cover the costs of complying with such requests. Please make such
requests in writing to the Data Privacy Officer, American Express International Inc., 1 Marina
Boulevard, #22- 00 One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.
23. Instalment Goods and Services
If you use the Credit Card to buy goods or services, such as insurance, requiring recurring or
instalment payments, you authorise us to pay such instalments for you when due and you agree to
pay us for the same when we bill you. You must tell us in writing if you no longer wish us to paypremiums or instalments for you. If your Credit Card Account or the Credit Card is suspended or
cancelled, we will stop paying premiums or instalments for you.
24. Our Property
Although for your use, all Credit Cards remain our property at all times. This means you must return
the Credit Card to us if we should so request. The revocation, repossession or request for the return
of the Credit Card is not, and shall not constitute any reflection on your character or creditworthiness
and we shall not be liable in any way for any statement made by any person requesting the return or
surrender of the Credit Card.
25. Our Liability
We are not liable in any way to you for any inconvenience, embarrassment, loss, damage (including
but not limiting to consequential loss or special damage), cost or expense of any nature suffered or
incurred by you or by any other person in respect of or in connection with the Credit Card and/or this
Agreement. We are also not liable if we are unable to perform our obligations under this Agreement
due directly or indirectly to the malfunction or failure of any machine or communication system or
transmission link or any automated teller machine, defect or damage of the Credit Card, industrial
dispute, war, Act of God or anything beyond our control or the control of our servants or agents. If we
are unable to produce or send a statement to you for any reason whatsoever, we are not liable to you
in any way and your liabilities and obligations under this Agreement will not be prejudiced and will
continue to accrue.
26. Changing, Amending and Adding to these Terms and Conditions
We have the right to change or amend these Terms and Conditions or add new terms and conditions
at any time due to changes in the business, legal and/or competitive environment. Any such changes
or amendments or additions will become effective and binding on you upon notification to you by any
means as we deem fit. If you do not accept any such changes or amendments or additions to these
Terms and Conditions, you may cancel the Credit Card by cutting it in half and returning both halves
to us. You will still be liable for all Charges incurred and all other obligations under these Terms and
Conditions until the Account is repaid in full.
27. Notices
We shall be entitled to send any notice to you by electronic mail, short message service (”SMS”),
facsimile transmission, personal delivery or ordinary post to your address last known to us. Any
notice as sent by us shall be deemed to be received by you (if sent by facsimile transmission or
personal delivery) on the day of despatch or (if sent by electronic mail or SMS) when left at the last
email address or telephone number known to us, or 1 day immediately after the date of posting if
sent by ordinary post addressed to your last known address.
28. No Waiver of Our Rights
No forbearance, delay or failure on our part to exercise any power or right under any of these Terms
and Conditions shall operate as a waiver of such power or right, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of such power or right preclude any further exercise of that or any other power or right.29. Assignment
We may assign any of our rights under these Terms and Conditions or the Accounts at any time
without your consent to our parent, a subsidiary, a related company or an associate company in
Singapore or elsewhere.
30. Governing Law
(i) These Terms and Conditions are governed by Singapore law. All Credit Card Members
submit themselves to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.
(ii) We may serve any legal or court document including any writ, statutory demand, bankruptcy
application or any legal, enforcement or bankruptcy process in respect of any claim,
action or proceeding by leaving it at, or sending it by ordinary post to your last known
address, or sending it electronically to your last known email address or via any mobile
phone or devices or other messaging services. These documents and/or messages
would then be deemed to have been properly served on you on the date of delivery if it is
delivered by hand, or on the date immediately after the date of posting if it is sent by post
(notwithstanding that it may be returned to us undelivered) or on the date of sending if it
is sent electronically or digitally. Service of legal process in the aforesaid manner shall be
deemed to be good and effective service of such legal process on you even if the
documents including electronic mails and/or messages are not received by you or
subsequently returned undelivered. Nothing in this clause shall affect our right to serve
any legal or court document in any other manner permitted by law.
31. Rights of Third Parties
Except by a person who is our assignee pursuant to Clause 29 above, a person who is not a party to
this Agreement shall not enforce any of these Terms and Conditions under the Contracts (Rights of
Third Parties) Act 2001.
32. Indemnity
You must indemnify and keep us fully indemnified against all claims, demands, actions and
proceedings which may be made against us and in respect of any and all damages, liabilities, losses,
costs and expenses (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may be incurred, sustained
or suffered by us, directly or indirectly, due to the use or misuse of the Credit Card(s), negligence,
misconduct or breach of any of these Terms and Conditions on your part and/or any other act, thing
or matter arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.
33. Electronic Agreements
You agree that we may enter into Agreements with you and notify you of changes to these Terms and
Conditions by electronic means. Any Agreement or notice shall have the same legal effect as
Agreements entered into or communications provided on paper. You will be deemed to have received
any electronic notices (including changes to these Terms and Conditions) that are sent to the latest
email address you have provided to us, that are posted on an American Express website, through
links provided on a statement or other notice, or any combination of these or other means and you
agree that it is your responsibility to access all such notices. You further agree that electronic copies
of communications are valid as originals and you will not contest the validity of the electronic copies,
absent proof of altered data or tampering.34. Other Terms and Conditions
The use of any Credit Card is also subject to other Terms and Conditions governing the use of other
facilities or benefits which may from time to time be made available.