Terms and Conditions of the Sands Lifestyle Member Upgrade for Citi Prestige Cardmembers
Campaign Period: 1 May 2026 till 30 April 2028
Prestige: All Citi Prestige cardmembers will be eligible to receive a complimentary 3-month membership
upgrade to Marina Bay Sands loyalty program “Sands Lifestyle Prestige Tier”. Citi Prestige cardmembers
who achieve a minimum spend of SGD1,500 within the initial 3-month period from the date of upgrade
will enjoy another 9-month period at Prestige Tier, commencing immediately after the first period
expires. In the case of cardmembers who do not meet the minimum spend amount, they will be
downgraded to the Lifestyle tier at the end of the initial 3-month period.
Redemption:
Cardmembers can redeem their complimentary membership at the following locations stated below at
Marina Bay Sands:
Lobby, Hotel Tower 1
Daily: 10am – 10.30pm
The Shoppes, B1 (above Sampan Rides)
Daily: 10am – 11pm
The Shoppes, B2 (near Digital Light Canvas)
Daily: 10am – 11pm
1. A cardmember must, on the day that he applies for the complimentary Prestige upgrade, spend
any amount at any retailer at MBS. This spend may be made with cash, NETS, credit or debit
card, funds transfer service, online payment platform or digital payment system but not via a
Resort Dollars redemption.
2. In the event that the spend is incurred at a Sands Lifestyle participating outlet, it must be eligible
to earn Resort Dollars and the Resort Dollars thereby earned must be credited to an existing
Lifestyle tier Sands Lifestyle membership account. If the cardmember is not already a Sands
Lifestyle member on the day before the spend is incurred, they may sign up just before incurring
the spend.
3. In the event that the spend is not incurred at a Sands Lifestyle participating outlet, the
cardmember must retain a physical copy of the original receipt to redeem the Prestige upgrade.
Redemption of the Prestige upgrade must be carried out in person at Sands Lifestyle counters on
MBS property. Cardmembers who incurred the spend at outlets which are not Sands Lifestyle
participating outlets must also present the original receipt.
4. The Offer shall only be valid during the campaign period.
5. The Offer is valid for one-time redemption per eligible cardmember. Applicants who have already
redeemed a Prestige upgrade offer with third party partners will not be eligible for the Offer.
6. Sands Rewards Lifestyle Terms and Conditions shall apply.
7. The benefits made available to cardmembers pursuant to the terms of the Offer are not
exchangeable or refundable for cash, credit or kind.8. Citibank and Marina Bay Sands (“MBS”) reserve the right to suspend, withdraw or terminate the
Offer at any time without notice. The decision of Citibank and MBS on all matters relating to the
Offer shall be final, binding and conclusive on all cardmembers, including without limitation, any
decision on the eligibility of any person to participate in the Offer.
9. Citibank and MBS may at any time at its sole and absolute discretion, without notice or assigning
any reasons, therefore, delete, vary, supplement, amend or modify the terms of the Offer at any
time. The cardmembers are deemed to accept and are bound by such variations, additions,
deletions, amendments and/or modifications if the cardmembers do not terminate the use of
the card.
10. In the event of any inconsistency between terms and conditions and any brochure, marketing or
promotional materials relating to Offer, the terms of the Offer as set out herein shall prevail.
11. Citibank and MBS shall not be responsible for the quality, merchantability or fitness for any
purpose or any other aspect of the Offer, or any product and/or service relating to the Offer.
Notwithstanding anything herein, Citibank and MBS shall not at any time be responsible or held
liable for any defect or malfunction in any product or the deficiency in any service provided,
and/or any loss, injury, damage or harm suffered or incurred by or in connection with the Offer,
and/or the use of any product and/or service relating to the Offer, by any person.
12. Citibank and MBS shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to any person in connection
with the Offer howsoever arising, including any error in computing chances, any breakdown or
malfunction in any computer system or equipment, or any notice which is misdirected or lost in
the post or in transmission. The terms of this Offer shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of Singapore, and the cardmembers irrevocably submit to the non-
exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
13. “Citibank” refers to “Citibank Singapore Limited”