Terms and conditions governing “CIMB Visa Infinite” Cashback Programme (“Programme”)
Terms and conditions governing “1% base cashback” for CIMB Visa Infinite
1. Cashback will be credited to the Principal Cardmember’s Card Account on a monthly basis
within the same statement month.
2. The 1% base cashback will be awarded for all retail spend (including i.PayPlan Instalments)
processed by the respective merchants/acquirers through the Visa worldwide networks. Retail
transactions are purchases for goods and services and exclude the following transactions:
o Any cash advances
o Any gambling-related transactions
o Any quasi-cash transactions
o Any payments to insurance companies
o Any payments to government institutions (this includes but is not limited to
government services, government related postal services, government related
purchases, court costs, fines, bail and bond payments and tax payments)
o Any donations or payments to non-profit organisations (this includes but is not limited
to religious and charitable organizations and social services)
o Any payments for utilities (this includes but is not limited to electric, gas, heating oil,
sanitary and water utility bill payments)
o Any payments done via any AXS network
o Any late payment charges or interest charges on any Card
o Any fees payable to the Bank (or any other third party) for transfer of any debit
balance on any other credit card to a Card
o Any other interest, fees and charges (including without limitation, cash advance,
annual or monthly fees or charges) imposed by the Bank from time to time
o Balance and/or funds transfers to or from the Card Account
o Any credit card transaction that was subsequently cancelled, voided or reversed for
any reason and
o Any other transactions that may be prescribed by the Bank.
3. There is no cap on the 1% base cashback earnings.
4. Refunded retail transactions will be deducted from the relevant monthly billed amount for the
computation and award of 1% base cashback. Any reversed portion of cashback will be
reflected in the billing statement of the same month.
5. Transactions below SGD$1 will not be awarded any 1% base cashback.
Terms and conditions governing “2% cashback” for CIMB Visa Infinite
1. 2% cashback will be in the form of additional 1% cashback above the 1% base cashback.
2. The additional 1% cashback will be credited into the Principal Cardmember’s account and
reflected in the following statement month after spend criteria of at least S$2,000 posted in a
statement month has been met.
3. For the avoidance of doubt, card transactions which are made within the statement month but
are only posted on the Principal Cardmember’s Card Account after that statement month will
be considered for the following month’s minimum spend amount.
4. Additional 1% cashback is applicable only for transactions that fulfils ANY of the following
conditions:
o Made and processed overseas
o In foreign currencies
o Travel related
5. Overseas spend refers to transactions made and processed outside of Singapore, both in
Singapore dollars and foreign currencies inclusive.
6. Transactions in foreign currencies are inclusive of transactions made both online and offline.7. Travel related spend refers to transactions made in hotels, airline and travel agency bookings
with merchant codes classified by Visa under Airlines, Hotels, Travel Agencies and Tour
Operators.
8. Refunded retail purchases will be deducted from the relevant monthly billed amount for the
computation and award of cashback. Any reversed portion of cashback will be reflected in the
billing statement of the following statement month.
9. Cash advance fees, gambling related transactions, quasi-cash transactions, late payment or
interest charges, fees payable to the bank for transfer of any debit balance or any other credit
card to a Card, any other interest, fees and charges imposed by the Bank from time to time,
balance and/or funds transfer to and from Card Account, and any credit card transactions that
was subsequently cancelled, voided or reversed for any reason will not be counted towards
fulfilling the minimum monthly spend of S$2,000.
10. Upon termination of the card, cashback not credited to the card account as of the date of
termination will be forfeited and non-transferable to any other Card Account of the
Cardmember.
11. Your card account must be in good standing and conducted in a proper and satisfactory
manner, as we may determine in our sole discretion, at the time of assessment of the
cashback.
12. In the event that your card account is delinquent, terminated, cancelled, does not satisfy the
terms and conditions herein, or suspended for any reason whatsoever, we reserve the right to
forfeit the cashback without prior notice without liability.
13. In the event that the Cardmember (i) is credited an excess of cashback that he may not be
entitled to, (ii) breaches any of the terms of conditions herein, (iii) no longer qualifies for the
cashback and/or (iv) CIMB Bank in its sole discretion determines that the Cardmember is not
eligible to receive the cashback, CIMB Bank reserves the right to deduct an amount
equivalent to the cashback awarded from the relevant Cardmember’s card account. Any
expenses or costs resulting from such deduction(s) shall be borne by the Cardmember. The
Cardmember is deemed to have authorised such deduction(s).
General
1. In the event that the Cardmember (i) is credited an excess of cashback that he may not be
entitled to, (ii) breaches any of the terms of conditions herein, (iii) no longer qualifies for the
cashback and/or (iv) CIMB Bank in its sole discretion determines that the Cardmember is not
eligible to receive the cashback, CIMB Bank reserves the right to deduct an amount equivalent
to the cashback awarded from the relevant Cardmember’s card account. Any expenses or costs
resulting from such deduction(s) shall be borne by the Cardmember. The Cardmember is
deemed to have authorised such deduction(s).
2. In case of dispute, the decision of CIMB Bank shall be final, conclusive and binding. No
further correspondence and/or claims will be entertained.
3. All feedback on relations with the merchants should be directed to the relevant merchant.
4. Any termination, suspension, amendment or variation of this Programme by CIMB Bank or
the terms and conditions contained herein shall not entitle any Cardmember to any claims or
compensation from CIMB Bank for any and all losses or damages suffered or incurred by the
Cardmember, whether directly or indirectly caused.
5. In respect of any credit balance in a terminated Card Account, CIMB Bank reserves the rights
at its sole discretion (i) to transfer all or any part of such credit balance on the Card Account
by funds transfer to any of the Principal Cardmember’s other account(s) with CIMB Bank,
including banking account(s) or Card Account(s), and if such account has any outstanding
balance, such funds will be applied to set-off such outstanding balance first; or (ii) pay such
credit balance by way of cheque/cashier’s order to the Principal Cardmember’s last registered
address with us.6. CIMB Bank reserves the right to amend, revoke, vary or add to the terms and conditions of
the Programme or suspend or terminate the Programme and/or any of its governing terms in
its absolute discretion at any time without any liability and such changes shall be binding on
all Cardmembers with effect from the earliest of the following:
o the date CIMB Bank places notice of such changes on its Singapore website;
o the day after CIMB Bank sends notice of such changes to the Cardmember’s last
known address in the records of CIMB Bank by ordinary post;
o the day after CIMB Bank sends notice of such change to the Cardmember by short
messaging system (SMS) or electronic mail; and/or
o the date CIMB Bank places such notice at all of its branch(es) in Singapore.
7. All other terms and conditions applicable to and governing the use of CIMB Credit Cards
(“Product Terms”) will continue to apply with full force and effect. For full details, please visit
www.cimbbank.com.sg.
8. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and all Cardmembers
irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.
9. A person who is not a party to any agreement governed by these terms and conditions shall
not have any right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B) to enforce any
of these terms and conditions.
10. In the event of any inconsistency between these terms and conditions and the Product Terms
or any application form, brochure, marketing or promotional material relating to the
Programme, these terms and conditions shall prevail to the extent of matters relating to the
Programme.
11. All information is correct at the time of publication.
Terms and conditions governing Visa Infinite Concierge
1. A Cardmember is responsible for the costs, charges and expenses incurred for the goods and
services arranged by the Visa Infinite Concierge Service Staff at the Cardmember’s request.
2. Visa Infinite Concierge Staff has the right to reject a Cardmember’s request in the event it
contravenes a rule of regulation imposed by Visa or any regulatory authority.
3. Visa Infinite Concierge Service Hotline: 1800 823 2049
CIMB Bank Berhad (13491-P)
Updated as of 13 August 2019