Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING THE VOYAGE GOURMET EXPERIENCE
PROGRAMME (“Promotion”)
Promotion Period
1. The promotion period shall run from 1 January 2026 to 28 February 2027, or such other
period(s) as may be determined by Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC
Bank”) at its absolute discretion (the “Promotion Period”).
Notwithstanding the above, please refer to the relevant restaurants for details on the actual
dates and periods of the offers and promotions available. Details can be found in the
electronic direct mailer(s) or the Promotion website accessible at
https://www.voyagegourmetexperiences.com (the “Promotion Website”).
Eligibility
2. You will qualify for the Promotion (“Eligible Cardmember”) if you are an OCBC VOYAGE,
OCBC Premier VOYAGE, OCBC Premier Private Client VOYAGE or Bank of Singapore
VOYAGE Cardmember (“VOYAGE Card”).
General
3. Payment must be made with a VOYAGE Card. This includes Bank of Singapore VOYAGE
Card, OCBC Premier Private Client VOYAGE Card, OCBC Premier VOYAGE Card and
OCBC VOYAGE Credit Card.
4. Prior reservation is required on a first come first serve basis.
5. No cancellations are allowed. In the event of any exceptions granted (which shall be at the
sole discretion of the merchant and/or OCBC Bank), there will be a cancellation fee of 3.5%
charged against the total refund amount.
6. Reservations must be made via the dedicated booking link.
7. Reservations are limited to 30 persons a day, for up to 2 persons per customer.
8. Offer is subject to service charge and GST.
9. All menu items are fixed and any special requests are not guaranteed and are subject to
availability and the relevant restaurant’s discretion.
10. Prices are inclusive of alcohol pairing. There will not be a reduction in pricing should
Customer wish to change to non-alcoholic beverages.
11. Merchant terms and conditions apply. Customers are to contact Merchant directly for full
details.
12. Promotion is subject to any prevailing laws, rules or regulations relating to safe management
measures or other pandemic prevention measures (including without limitation, any group
capacity or vaccination requirements).
13. Not valid with any other ongoing/in-house promotions, vouchers and/or discounts, unless
otherwise stated.
14. Discount, vouchers and privileges are not exchangeable for cash, kind or other goods and
services.
15. All prices listed are in Singapore Dollars.Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre Singapore 049513
Co. Reg. No.: 193200032W
16. OCBC and the participating merchant reserve the right to vary/amend the privileges, offers
and/or terms and conditions without prior notice.
17. OCBC Bank shall not be responsible for the quality, merchantability or fitness for any
purpose or any other aspect of the Promotion, or any product and/or service relating to the
Promotion. Notwithstanding anything herein, OCBC Bank shall not at any time be
responsible or held liable for any defect or malfunction in any product or the deficiency in
any service provided, and/or any loss, injury, damage or harm suffered or incurred by or in
connection with the Promotion, and/or the use of any product and/or service relating to the
Promotion, by any person.
18. OCBC Bank’s decisions on all matters relating to the Promotion shall be final and binding on
all participants. No correspondence or appeal shall be entertained by OCBC Bank. In the
event of any inconsistency between these terms and conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional material relating to the Promotion, these terms and conditions shall
prevail.
19. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and each
participant in the Promotion irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of Singapore. A person who is not a party to any agreement governed by these terms
and conditions shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap
53B) to enforce any of these terms and conditions.
Updated as of July 2026