Terms and Conditions Governing BOC Visa Infinite Card Programme (with effect from
15 June 2025)
Under the Bank of China (“BOC”) Visa Infinite Card Programme (this “Programme”), cash
rebate will be awarded for retail spend made by BOC Visa Infinite Cardmembers
(“Cardmembers”) for transactions made with the BOC Visa Infinite Card (“Card”).
The terms and conditions of this Programme (“Terms and Conditions”) are set out below.
These Terms and Conditions are additional to, and shall be read together with, the terms
contained in the prevailing BOC Cardmember Agreement, which shall continue to apply. By
participating in this Programme, Cardmembers shall be deemed to have read, understood and
accepted these Terms and Conditions (as may be amended, supplemented or varied from time
to time). Unless the context otherwise requires or these Terms and Conditions expressly
provide otherwise, all words and expressions defined in the prevailing BOC Cardmember
Agreement shall have the same meanings when used or referred to below.
1. Definitions
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions:
“Billing Cycle” means the length of time between the last Card statement closing date and the
next;
“Card Account” means the account of the Cardmember maintained with BOC in respect of
the Card;
“Card Transactions” means the transactions successfully charged and posted to the Card
Account which Cardmember is the Principal cardholder of or the Card that is issued to a
person that Cardmember authorises as a Supplementary cardholder, but excludes the
Exclusions;
“Exclusions” refers to the Card Transactions described under Clause 3 below.
2. Cash Rebate
There is no minimum spend required to earn the cash rebate under the Programme. There is
also no cap on the maximum amount of cash rebate that you can earn in respect of
transactions under categories 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4 below. However, a transaction will qualify
for cash rebate in only one category e.g. a Green Transport transaction (category 2.3) will not
earn cash rebate as Local Spend (category 2.1). No cash rebate will be awarded in respect of
any transactions that BOC deems to be corporate/commercial transactions or non-retail in
nature. The award of cash rebate under the Programme is subject to further exclusions.
2.1 1.6% cash rebate on Local Spend
1.6% cash rebate will be awarded for Local Spend card transactions for each billing cycle.
“Local Spend” refers to all Card transactions charged in Singapore, and online transactions
effected in Singapore dollars or foreign currencies at merchants with payment gateway in
Singapore.
Page 1 of 8
V2025052.2 2.4% cash rebate on Overseas Spend
2.4% cash rebate will be awarded for Overseas Spend for each billing cycle.
“Overseas Spend” means all Card transactions charged overseas, including card transactions
made overseas but effected/charged in Singapore dollars, and online transactions effected in
Singapore dollars or foreign currencies at merchants with payment gateway outside of
Singapore.
2.3 Up to 3% cash rebate on Electric Vehicle Charging
0.3% cash rebate will be awarded for Electric Vehicle Charging transactions made with the
assigned Merchant Category Code (MCC) 5552 spend for each billing cycle. 3% cash rebate
will be awarded for Electric Vehicle Charging (MCC) 5552 spend for each billing cycle with
minimum total card spend of S$2,500.
2.4 0.3% cash rebate on Insurance and Education Spend
0.3% cash rebate will be awarded for Card transactions (including online transactions) made
on Insurance and/or Education for each billing cycle.
“Insurance” means all transactions with the assigned Merchant Category Code (MCC) 5960
– Direct Marketing Insurance Services and 6300 – Insurance Sales, Underwriting and
Premiums.
“Education” means all transactions with the assigned Merchant Category Code (MCC) 8220
– Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools, and Junior Colleges.
3. Exclusions
3.1 The following Card Transactions (collectively referred to as the “Exclusions”) do not qualify
to earn any cash rebate (as determined by BOC in its reasonable discretion and may be
amended, supplemented or varied from time to time, without prior notice):
(a) any interest charges, card annual fees, late payment charges, goods and services taxes,
cash advances, fund transfers, purchases made through Installment Payment Plans (IPP), any
form of purchase or statement instalments, tax payment plans, unposted, cancelled, disputed
and refunded transactions, all fees charged by BOC or any other third parties (if any);
(b) any payment made with the following Merchant Category Codes (“MCC”);
Category MCC Description
Financial 4784 Toll and Bridge Fees
Service and 4829 Money Transfer
Payments,
such as but not 4900 Utilities – Electric, Gas, Water and Sanitary
limited to
Page 2 of 8
V202505Retail 5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
Merchants and 5815 Digital Goods Media: Books, Movies, Music
Goods, such Direct marketing –Combination Catalog and Retail
5965
as but not Merchants
limited to 5993 Cigar Stores and Stands
Quasi 6010, Financial Institutions – Manual Cash Disbursements,
Cash/Financial 6012 Merchandise, Services, and Debt Repayment
Service, such Quasi Cash–Financial Institutions, Merchandise and
6050
as but not Services
limited to Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency, Non-Fiat
Currency (for example: Cryptocurrency), Money Orders
6051
(Not Money Transfer), Account Funding (not Stored Value
Load), Travelers Cheques, and Debt Repayment
6211 Security Brokers/Dealers
6513 Real Estate agents and managers
Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Financial Institute
6529
Rentals
6530 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Merchant Rentals
6534 Quasi Cash-Remote Money Transfers
Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card
6540
Purchase/Load
7273 Dating and Escort Services
Computer Programming, Data Processing, and Integrated
7372
Systems Design Services
7399 Business Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
7511 Quasi Cash – Truck Stop Trxns
7523 Parking Lots, Parking Meters and Garages
Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips,
7995
Off-Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8211,
Elementary and Secondary Schools, Correspondence
8241,
Schools Business and Secretarial Schools, Vocational and
8244,
Trade Schools, Schools and Educational Services (Not
8249,
Elsewhere Classified)
8299
Education
Institutions,
8398 Charitable Social Service Organizations
such as but not
limited to
Professional 8651,
Political Organizations, Religious Organizations
Service and 8661
Membership 8699 Membership Organizations (Not Elsewhere Classified)
Organisations, 8999 Professional Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
such as but not
9211 Court Costs, Including Alimony and Child Support
limited to
Government 9222 Fines
service, such 9223 Bail and Bond Payments
Page 3 of 8
V202505as but not 9311 Tax Payments
limited to 9402 Postal Services – Government Only
9405 U.S. Federal Government Agencies or Departments
9399 Government Services (Not Elsewhere Classified)
(c) Some examples of merchants which are excluded:
Category Examples
Government Institutions / Services ACRA, CPF, HDB SEASON PARKING, ICA, LTA,
MOM, Town Council, URA
Financial Institutions / Services CardUp, FOREX.COM, helloPay, IG MARKETS,
(including banks and brokerages) ipaymy, MatchMove Pay, MONEYBOOKERS.COM,
OANDA PACIFIC, Saxo Cap Markets, Swiss Money
Transfer
Money Transfer and Remittance MoneyGram, Swiss Money Transfer, Wise, Western
Services Union, WorldRemit
Utility Bill Payments / Other SP Services , AXS, SAM payments
Payments
Prepaid accounts and payment EZLINK (FEVO), EZLINK (IMAGINE), TransitLink,
service providers NETS FlashPay, SingTel Dash, Youtrip, GrabPay
Top up, MatchMove Pay, HelloPay, ShopeePay
Cleaning, Maintenance, and Helpling, Sendhelper
Janitorial Services
3.2 The above table of merchants is provided as an example and is not exhaustive. BOC
reserves the right to add, remove and/or reclassify merchants in the above table from time to
time at its reasonable discretion, without prior notice.
3.3 A merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature of business. The
MCCs are assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. BOC does not determine the merchants’
MCC. BOC shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating to the categorisation of a
merchant’s MCC.
4. Complimentary Lounge Access
4.1 Each principal BOC Visa Infinite Cardmember is eligible for 4 complimentary lounge visits
to participating Plaza Premium Lounge per 12-month period (running from 1 November each
year to 31 October the following year).
4.2 Each complimentary visit is valid for one time use only.
4.3 If the lounge is owned and operated by a third-party and not Plaza Premium Lounge, it
may be excluded. Please refer to the Plaza Premium Lounge official website for the most
accurate and up-to-date information, and for detailed location and operating hours, please visit
www.plazapremiumlounge.com.
Page 4 of 8
V2025054.4 The Cardmember must present the BOC Visa Infinite Card in his/her name, along with the
boarding pass for the day of travel and any additional identification that the lounge may require
from the Cardmember, which may include passport, national identity card or driving license at
the lounge reception to access the Plaza Premium Lounge.
4.5 Each complimentary lounge visit grants complimentary access for one person only. The
Cardmember’s travelling companion(s) may enjoy access to the lounge by using additional
complimentary lounge visits under the Cardmember’s account. The Cardmember’s travelling
companion(s) may also enjoy access to the lounge by making payment for entry. Payment
must be made on the BOC Visa Infinite Card and paid directly to Plaza Premium Lounge to
gain access to the lounge.
4.6 BOC shall not be liable or responsible for reimbursement of any lounge usage by the
Cardmember that exceeds the number of valid complimentary lounge visits he/she holds. The
Cardmember shall bear the additional charges at their own costs.
4.7 Use of the Plaza Premium Lounge remains subject to the prevailing terms and conditions
imposed by Plaza Premium Lounge, which shall be Cardmember’s sole responsibility to
comply with. Please visit www.plazapremiumlounge.com for more details.
4.8 The lounge services are offered by Plaza Premium Lounge. BOC assumes no liability or
responsibility for the acts or defaults of Plaza Premium Lounge, or defects in the goods or
services offered by them. BOC is not an agent of Plaza Premium Lounge. Any dispute about
the quality or service standard must be resolved directly with Plaza Premium Lounge. BOC will
not be responsible for any injury, loss or damage or for any charges, costs or expenses of any
kind whatsoever suffered as a result of the redemption or usage of their goods and/or services.
4.9 By participating in the Programme, you are deemed to have consented to the collection,
use and disclosure of your personal data by BOC and its suppliers, service providers, sponsors,
promoters and/or their respective contractors for verifying your eligibility, contacting you by
telephone, mobile phone, email, letter or text message regarding the Promotion(s), and all
other purposes incidental to the Promotion(s).
4.10 BOC shall not be held liable in the event of any refused entry by the lounges.
4.11 Lounge usage is allowed for up to 2 hours at lounges located in China, and up to 3 hours
at other lounge locations.
4.12 This offer cannot be used in conjunction with other promotional offers and cannot be
exchangeable, refundable, or transferrable for cash exchanged for cash or any other service.
Any un-utilized complimentary airport lounge visits shall be void and, credit or kind.
4.13 BOC and Plaza Premium Lounge reserve the right to vary the terms and conditions of
this offer. Terms and conditions are subject to change without prior notice.
5. Visa Concierge Service
Page 5 of 8
V2025055.1 The VISA Concierge Service (“Service”) is provided by VISA which is solely responsible
for all services provided to Cardmembers (“Services”).
5.2 Neither BOC nor any of its respective subsidiaries or affiliates shall be responsible for any
loss or damages arising from the Services.
5.3 For more information, visit www.concierge-asia.visa.com or search for Visa Concierge in
the Apple App Store or Google Play. Please visit www.concierge-asia.visa.com/terms-and-
conditions for the full Terms and Conditions.
6. Other Terms and Conditions
6.1 The total spend by a Cardmember and cash rebate awarded per Card Account in one
billing cycle are based on posted local and foreign retail transactions in that billing cycle,
excludes the Exclusions and such other transactions as determined by BOC from time to time
at its reasonable discretion, may be amended, supplemented or varied without prior notice.
6.2 Should Cardmembers’ spending be deemed to be for commercial and/or non-personal
purposes, BOC reserves the right to refuse to award any cash rebate for such transactions,
without prior notice. BOC reserves the right to cancel and reverse any cash rebate awarded in
a Cardmember’s statement of account at any time if it deems that such cash rebate was not
earned from qualifying spend of a Cardmember and the Cardmember shall not be entitled to
any compensation or payment whatsoever.
6.3 Combined spend from Principal and Supplementary Cards is allowed for the purpose of
the award of cash rebate. Cash rebate awarded for the statement will be credited into the Card
Account in the next billing cycle. The cash rebate awarded will be reflected on the Principal
Cardmember’s monthly statement.
6.4 The cash rebate amount for each transaction category will be computed based on the total
value of all transactions in that category which are successfully charged to the Card and posted
onto BOC’s systems in a statement month as shown in the Card statement in respect of that
statement month, and will be rounded down to the nearest two decimal places.
6.5 Transactions made must be posted transactions before the end of each billing cycle. BOC
shall not be responsible for any delay in the transmission to BOC of evidence of retail
purchases by merchants or any other third parties. Further, BOC identifies transactions and
their categories via universal MCC assigned by Visa. The MCC is not decided by BOC but
rather by the respective merchants and their acquiring banks. As such, BOC shall not be liable
in any way whatsoever to award any rebate to any Cardmember or to compensate any
Cardmember for any loss, liabilities, expenses or claims suffered or incurred by such
Cardmember, if a relevant merchant classifies its MCC inaccurately and results in BOC not
awarding any rebate to such Cardmember.
6.6 The Cash rebate amount credited will be used to automatically offset the billed amount for
the Card account in next statement month. The Cash rebate cannot be withdrawn as cash,
cannot be transferred to any other BOC credit card or debit card accounts or BOC accounts
Page 6 of 8
V202505(otherwise agreed by BOC), and cannot be used to offset any minimum payment due, late
payment charge, interest charges or any other fees imposed by BOC.
6.7 In the event of any cancelled, disputed and/or reversed transactions for any reason
(whether in whole or in part), Cardmember will need to make incremental spend to offset the
reversed transaction amount in order to continue earning Cashback.
6.8 In the event of a reversal, refund or cancellation of any posted transactions for any reason
(whether in whole or in part), the amount of such reversed, refunded or cancelled posted
transactions shall be deducted from the relevant monthly billed amount for computation and
award of cash rebate. BOC reserves the right to debit the Card Account for cash rebate
credited and/or charge a Cardmember in relation to such reversal, refund or cancellation of
posted transactions.
6.9 Where any Transaction posted to the Card account is subsequently voided, refunded,
cancelled, reversed, disputed and/or reversed for any reason (whether in whole or in part),
BOC shall have the sole discretion to reverse and forfeit the Cashback awarded in respect of
the Transaction amount voided, refunded, cancelled, reversed, disputed and/or reversed.
6.10 All unused cash rebate will be forfeited on the earlier of: (i) the expiry of such cash rebate
at the end of two (2) calendar years from the month on which the cash rebate was first credited
into the Card Account; or (ii) BOC’s receipt of a Principal Cardmember’s request to terminate
his/her Card; or (iii) the termination of the Principal Card by BOC for any reason whatsoever.
6.11 The Card Account must be in good standing at the time of crediting of the cash rebate. In
the event the Card Account is delinquent, terminated or suspended for any reason whatsoever
before the cash rebate is credited into the said Card Account, BOC reserves the right to forfeit
the cash rebate at its sole discretion.
6.12 BOC may vary the percentage of the cash rebate or revise the minimum spend required
at any time without giving any reason.
6.13 BOC’s records of all matters relating to this Programme are conclusive and binding on
Cardmembers. BOC is entitled, for any reason and at any time, without liability, to suspend the
computation or awarding of cash rebate, rectify any errors in the computation, or otherwise
adjust such computation. Any abuse or fraud in respect of the issuance of cash rebate may
result in the cancellation of cash rebate already credited into the Card Account.
6.14 BOC may, at its reasonable discretion and without prior notice, suspend or discontinue
this Programme at any time.
6.15 In the case of any dispute, BOC’s decision on all matters relating to the Card account and
the Programme shall be final, conclusive and binding and no payment or compensation will be
given or paid by BOC to any person. BOC shall not be obliged to give any reason or enter into
any correspondence with any person on any matter relating to its decision.
6.16 By participating in this Programme, a Cardmember irrevocably consents and authorises
BOC and its agents and vendors (including but not limited to the parties involved in organising,
Page 7 of 8
V202505promoting and conducting this Programme) to collect, use and disclose his/her personal data
to any person for the purpose of this Programme, and confirm that he/she has read and agrees
to be bound by the terms of BOC’s Personal Data Protection Policy, as may be amended,
supplemented and/or substituted by BOC from time to time and without prior notice, a copy of
which can be found on www.bankofchina.com/sg/aboutus.
6.17 BOC shall not be liable if it is unable to perform its obligations under these Terms and
Conditions, due directly or indirectly to the failure of any machine or communication system,
industrial dispute, war, Acts of God, or anything outside the control of BOC or its servants or
agents.
6.18 BOC shall not be liable for any errors, delays, omissions in the performance of its
obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
6.19 BOC shall have the absolute discretion to use any agents, contractors, vendors or third
parties to administer and/or implement this Programme and BOC shall not be liable to any
person for any act of omission or neglect on the part of such agents, contractors, vendors or
third parties.
6.20 BOC reserves the right to amend, supplement, vary or cancel any of these Terms and
Conditions at any time at its sole discretion and without liability to any person without giving
any reason or prior notice. If a Cardmember does not wish to accept any of the amended
Terms and Conditions, he/she should not participate in this Programme or immediately
withdraw from this Programme.
6.21 All information is correct at the time of publishing or posting online. However, BOC makes
no representation or warranty whether express or implied, and accepts no responsibility or
liability for its completeness or accuracy.
6.22 In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional material relating to this Programme, these Terms and Conditions as
set out herein shall prevail.
6.23 A person who is not a party to these Terms and Conditions has no right under the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 of Singapore to enforce any of these Terms and
Conditions.
6.24 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and
Cardmembers participating in this Programme irrevocably submit to the nonexclusive
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
Page 8 of 8
V202505