Terms And Conditions For Prize Fulfilment For
UOB Lady’s International Women’s Day 2026 Promotion (8 March to 30 April 2026)
Thank you for participating in the UOB Lady’s International Women’s Day 2026 Promotion (8 March to 30
April 2026) (the “Promotion”).
If you are eligible for a prize under the Promotion (the “Prize”), an SMS will be sent to your Singapore
mobile number registered with UOB informing you that you have been awarded the Prize (the “Notification
SMS”) and no further action is required on your part.
If you are eligible for the Prize, you will receive either
• 38,000 UNI$ credited directly into your account by 31 July 2026; or
• S$500 worth of Sephora Gift Cards mailed to your address registered with the Bank by 31 July
2026
The Prize is neither transferable nor exchangeable for cash, credit or kind, in full or in part, and is not
replaceable if lost, damaged or stolen. No reservation, refund or exchange of the Prize is allowed.
The 38,000 UNI$ credited to your account shall expire 2 years from the end of the calendar quarter in which
the UNI$ are credited. Expired UNI$ cannot be replaced or reinstated.
The S$500 worth of Sephora Gift Cards is supplied by third party merchant and UOB is not an agent of the
merchant and/or supplier of the Prize. Accordingly, UOB makes no warranty or representation as to the
quality, value, merchantability or fitness for purpose of such Prize and UOB assumes no liability or
responsibility for the acts or omissions of the merchants or any non-performance or defects in the Prize.
Any dispute regarding such Prize is to be resolved directly with the merchant and/or supplier of the Prize.
UOB shall not be required to assist or act on your behalf in communicating with the merchant and/or supplier
of such Prize. For the purposes of this clause, “Prize” includes any products and/or services provided by
third party merchants in connection with the use and/or redemption of the Prize.
Your account(s) at UOB must be in good standing at all times as determine by UOB at its absolute discretion.
In the event that your account(s) is delinquent, voluntarily or involuntarily suspended, cancelled, closed or
terminated for any reason whatsoever before you receive the Prize, the Prize shall be forfeited and you
shall not be entitled any compensation or payment whatsoever.
UOB will not be liable or responsible for any injury, loss or damage whatsoever or for any charge, cost or
expense of any kind whatsoever suffered or incurred as a result of or in connection with the usage of the
Prize.
If UOB determines that you are ineligible to receive the Prize under this Promotion, UOB may in its sole
discretion forfeit the Prize, reclaim the Prize or charge to and debit an amount equal to the value of the
Prize from any of your accounts with UOB without prior notice to you. If the monies standing to the credit
of your accounts are insufficient to reimburse UOB, you shall immediately reimburse UOB for the value of
the Prize through such means as UOB may determine in its sole discretion.
As at 3 Jul 2026
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z