Terms & Conditions for The American Express® Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Credit Card Sign Up
Promotion – Up to 16,000 bonus KrisFlyer Miles for New to American Express Card Members
Promotion
1. The American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Credit Card Sign Up Promotion (the “Promotion”) is
valid from 17 June 2026 to 31 January 2027, both dates inclusive (the “Promotion Period”).
2. To be eligible for this Promotion, you must satisfy all the following criteria:
2.1 You do not hold an existing basic or supplementary consumer Card from American Express.
2.2 You do not previously hold a basic or supplementary consumer Card from American Express that
was terminated or otherwise cancelled in the last twenty-four (24) months prior to the application.
2.3 You must apply for the Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Credit Card with American Express within the
Promotion Period and receive approval within forty-five (45) days from the date of application.
2.4 You must not have already submitted an application for a basic American Express Singapore
Airlines KrisFlyer Credit Card under any other promotion(s).
Mechanics
3. A welcome bonus of 5,000 KrisFlyer miles for your first charge on your Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend
Credit Card is applicable only to first time applicants of any co-branded American Express Singapore Airlines
Credit Card. Please refer to the Card Member Agreement and Benefits Terms and Conditions for more
information.
4. If you fulfil the following Criteria, which includes spending S$2,000 on eligible purchases of goods and
services within the first three (3) months upon Card approval (“Qualifying Spend Period”), you will receive
the Gift (as indicated in the table below):
Gift Criteria
Spend S$2,000 within the Qualifying Spend Period (the
11,000 bonus KrisFlyer miles
“Qualifying Spend”)
5. Spend made by Supplementary Card Member(s) will count towards the S$2,000 Qualifying Spend.
6. Upon meeting the Qualifying Spend, the Gift will be awarded to you within approximately twelve (12) weeks.
7. You agree that we may take such steps as necessary to recover the value of the Gift(s) from you, including
charging an equivalent amount to your Card Member’s Account and/or adjusting any KrisFlyer miles
awarded to you, if:
(a) It has been found that you held a basic or supplementary consumer Card from American Express in the
last twenty-four (24) months;
(b) the Qualifying Spend is not met because the relevant transactions are subsequently cancelled, reversed
or refunded; and/or
(c) you did not meet any eligibility criteria for the Promotion.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989,
americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.General
8. In addition, if you cease to be a Card Member for any reason within six (6) months of Card approval for The
American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Credit Card Account, we may take such steps as necessary
to recover the value of the Gift(s) from you, including charging an equivalent amount to your Card Member’s
Account and/or adjusting any KrisFlyer miles awarded to you.
9. The Qualifying Spend must be posted within the Qualifying Spend Period to count toward the Gift criteria.
10. For non-eligible spend, please visit go.amex/sgexclusions for full list of non-eligible purchases or
transactions, which is non-exhaustive and is subject to changes from time to time.
11. Your Card Member Account must be in good standing and not cancelled for any reason to qualify for the Gift.
12. No expedite requests will be allowed/entertained.
13. The Gift is strictly not transferrable or exchangeable for cash.
14. The Promotion shall not apply in conjunction with other promotional programs, offers, discount cards,
vouchers, or VIP privileges, unless otherwise stated.
15. For the avoidance of doubt, “you” and “your” refer to the individual applying for The American Express
Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Credit Card within the Promotion Period, and if approved by American Express,
the Basic Card Member holding The American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Credit Card. “American
Express”, “we” or “us” refers to American Express International Inc., Singapore Branch.
16. American Express reserves the right to change, suspend or terminate the Promotion with reasonable notice
due to business reasons, change in contractual terms with our partners, unforeseen circumstances or
matters beyond our reasonable control. We also reserve the right to substitute the Gift(s) for another item or
reward of reasonably comparable value at any time.
17. Information is correct at the time of publication, June 2026.