INTERNAL
Part 1 - Standard Chartered Journey Credit Card (“SCJ”) Terms & Conditions
1. The terms and conditions mentioned in Part 1 are a common set of terms and conditions applicable to:
1.1 Standard Chartered Journey Credit Card Rewards Promotion (“Journey Card Rewards Promotion”);
1.2 Standard Chartered Journey Credit Card Priority Pass Promotion (“Journey Card Priority Pass
Promotion”).
2. The individual terms and conditions for each of the specific promotions are defined below in their respective
sections. By participating in any of the promotions listed at Clauses 1.1 and 1.2, you agree to be bound by the
terms and conditions set out in this Part 1 read in conjunction with the respective terms and conditions for
the specific promotion found at Parts 2 and 3.
3. To be eligible for the promotions listed at Clauses 1.1 and 1.2, unless otherwise stated, you must hold a valid
Standard Chartered Journey Credit Card issued by Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (the “Journey
Card”) as a principal cardholder (“Journey Cardholder”). The Journey Card account must not be suspended,
cancelled or terminated), in good standing, and conducted in a proper and satisfactory manner as determined
by Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (the “Bank”) in its discretion at all times.
4. The Journey Cardholder will be charged with an annual fee of S$180.00 (excluding GST) in the first year and
every subsequent year unless otherwise stated, for as long as the principal Journey Card is active. There is no
annual fee charged for supplementary Journey Cards.
5. From 1 July 2024, the Journey Cardholder will receive a renewal bonus of 25,000 Rewards Points (which can
be redeemed for 10,000 KrisFlyer Miles) upon Card anniversary and payment of the annual fee. Any
subsequent waiver of the annual fee will result in a reversal of the renewal bonus.
6. By participating in any of the specific promotions listed at Clauses 1.1 and 1.2 you consent to the use of your
personal data for marketing purposes, including but not limited to the use of your telephone number and
email address to contact you about products and promotions offered by the Bank from time to time via
telephone, SMS or Electronic Direct Mail. Such consent will supersede any prior choices made by you.
7. The Bank reserves the right to do any of the following without prior notice at the Bank’s sole and absolute
discretion:
7.1 terminate, withdraw, shorten or extend the promotions listed at Clauses 1.1 and 1.2 and/or the
Standard Chartered 360° Rewards Programme; and/or
7.2 vary, modify, add, delete or otherwise revise any of the terms of the promotions listed at Clauses 1.1
and 1.2 and/or the Standard Chartered 360° Rewards Programme.
The Journey Cardholder and Journey Card supplementary cardholder agree and consent to be bound by any
such variation.
8. The Bank reserves the right to determine in its sole and absolute discretion all matters arising out of or in
connection with the promotions listed at Clauses 1.1 and 1.2, including your eligibility for the respective
promotions. The Bank’s determination of all matters relating to the promotions listed at Clauses 1.1 and 1.2
shall be final and conclusive and no correspondence will be entertained.
8. In the event the Bank has determined (in the Bank’s sole and absolute discretion) that a Journey Cardholder
or Journey Card supplementary cardholder is not eligible to participate in any of the promotions listed at
Clauses 1.1 and 1.2; or is not eligible to or has irregularly or wrongly redeemed or received any 360° Rewards
Points (“Rewards Points”)/gifts/vouchers cashback/rebates/privileges from the Bank; or where the Bank has
knowledge of subsequent events which would mean that the Journey Cardholder or Journey CardINTERNAL
supplementary cardholder would not have been entitled to redeem or receive the Rewards
Points/gifts/vouchers/ cashback/rebates/privileges (including but not limited to where the charges used to
meet the minimum spend were reversed or refunded), the Bank reserves the right to claw back the Rewards
Points/gifts/vouchers/cashback/rebates/privileges or to deduct the value of the Rewards
Points/gifts/vouchers/cashback/rebates/privileges (or such other amount as it deems fit) from the Journey
Cardholder or Journey Card supplementary Card account(s) with the Bank.
9. All charges mentioned in Parts 2 and 3 are subject to GST and service charges where applicable.
10. Privileges and gifts mentioned in Parts 2 and 3 cannot be exchanged for cash or used in conjunction with any
other discounts, privileges, promotions and vouchers, unless otherwise stated.
11. The Bank may refer to “KrisFlyer Miles” as “Air Miles” in any brochures, marketing or promotional materials
relating to the Journey Card.
12. The Bank makes no warranty or representation as to the quality, merchantability or fitness of the services
provided by any merchant or service provider. The Bank also accepts no liability for the goods and services
provided by any merchant or service provider. Any dispute about the same must be resolved directly with the
merchant or service provider. In case of any disputes, the decision of the Bank and the respective merchant(s)
or service provider(s) shall be final. The Bank is not an agent of any merchant or service provider or vice versa.
13. These SCJ terms and conditions are to be read in conjunction with our Customer Terms, Credit Card Terms,
Standard Chartered 360° Rewards Programme Terms (collectively "Other Terms"). In the event of any
inconsistency between the SCJ terms and conditions and any brochures, marketing or promotional materials
relating to the SCJ terms and conditions and the Other Terms, the SCJ terms and conditions shall prevail to the
extent of such inconsistency.
14. A person who is not a party to the SCJ terms and conditions has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any of these SCJ terms.
15. The terms and conditions set out in Parts 2 and 3 are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with
the laws of the Republic of Singapore and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the
Republic of Singapore.
16. All information in this Part 1 and in Parts 2 and 3 is correct at the time of printing or posting online.INTERNAL
Part 2 – Standard Chartered Journey Credit Card Rewards Promotion (“Journey Card Rewards Promotion”)
17. The Journey Card cardholder will be eligible to earn Rewards Points in a statement cycle on eligible retail
transactions (based on transaction posting date) (“Journey Card Qualifying Transactions”). Please see Clause
27 of Part 2 for excluded transactions.
18. The spends made by both the principal and supplementary Journey Card cardholders will be aggregated to
calculate the number of Rewards Points that will be awarded pursuant to this Journey Card Rewards
Promotion.
19. Every S$1 spent on Journey Card Qualifying Transactions in Singapore Dollars allows you to earn 3 Rewards
Points which enables you to redeem for 1.2 KrisFlyer Miles and every S$1 spent on Journey Card Qualifying
Transactions in foreign currency allows you to earn 5 Rewards Points which enables you to redeem for 2
KrisFlyer Miles.
20. Every S$1 spend on Journey Card eligible Bonus Transactions in Singapore Dollars (“Journey Card Bonus
Transactions”) allows you to earn an additional 4.5 Rewards Points. Therefore, the total of 7.5 Rewards Points
for Journey Card Bonus Transactions enables you to redeem for 3.0 KrisFlyer Miles.
21. For the avoidance of doubt, Journey Card Bonus Online Transactions (“Online Transactions”) are selected
Merchant Category Codes (MCCs) defined in table below, charged to the Journey Card in Singapore dollars.
Bonus Transaction Definition Merchant Examples
Categories
Transportation Any online transaction with the following MCCs: Grab, Grab, Gojek, Cabcharge Asia,
• 4111 Tada, Ryde Technologies, Royal
• 4121 Caribbean Cruises, Easybook.com
• 4411 and others
• 4789
Food Delivery Any online transaction with the following MCCs: GrabFood, Foodpanda, Deliveroo,
• 5814 McDonald’s, KFC, Pizza Hut,
• 5811 Dominos Pizza, Chilli Api Catering,
• 5812 Qi Ji Catering and others
Groceries and Food Any online transaction with the following MCCs: NTUC FairPrice Online, NTUC
stores • 5411 FairPrice app, Nespresso
• 5462 Singapore and others
• 5499
• 5921
22. Online Transactions are identified via their category codes. These category codes are assigned by Visa after
the merchants and their acquiring banks decide on the relevant category for transactions made at such
merchants. If the merchants are not classified by Visa under the online category of merchants, transactions
made at these MCCs and/or merchants will not be considered a Journey Card Bonus Transaction. For the
avoidance of doubt, the list of category codes is not under the purview of Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore)
Limited and we are not responsible for the category code assigned to a transaction.
23. There is a spend cap of S$1,000, equivalent to a cap of 4,500 Rewards Points (“Journey Cap”) on the additional
Rewards Points awarded under this Journey Card Rewards Promotion. “Month” for purposes of this Journey
Card Rewards Promotion means the period from the statement date of the current calendar month to one
day prior to the statement date of the following calendar month. The Journey Cap only applies to theINTERNAL
additional Rewards Points earned from Journey Card eligible Bonus Transactions as prescribed in Clause 21
above. For the avoidance of doubt, the Journey Cap does not apply to the 3 Rewards Points which the Journey
Cardholder is entitled to for every S$1 spent in Singapore Dollars.
To illustrate the Journey Cap, please refer to the table below
Transaction Base Rewards Additional Total Rewards Equivalent Remarks
Description Points awarded Rewards Points Points awarded KrisFlyer Miles^
(no cap) awarded
Total of S$1,000 3,000 4,500 7,500 3,000 Additional
spent at NTUC Rewards Points
FairPrice Online awarded as
transaction
qualifies as a
Journey Card
Bonus
Transaction
Total of S$1,200 3,600 4,500 (capped) 8,100 3,240 Additional
spent at NTUC Rewards Points
FairPrice Online awarded as
transaction
qualifies as a
Journey Card
Bonus
Transaction,
capped at 4,500
Rewards Points
because the
Journey Cap has
been met.
^ that can be redeemed
24. The Journey Cardholder may use the Rewards Points earned to redeem for KrisFlyer Miles in the manner set
out in Part D of the Credit Card Terms (“Rewards Programme Terms”). KrisFlyer Miles is defined as the
Singapore Airlines frequent flier miles programme (“KrisFlyer Miles”). Please take note of the applicable fees
and terms and conditions that apply in the Rewards Programme Terms in relation to conversion of Rewards
Points to KrisFlyer Miles or other rewards.
25. The Journey Cardholder can redeem his/her Rewards Points to redeem for participating hotel partner’s loyalty
points (“Hotel Partner Points”) or participating airline partner’s miles (“Airline Partner Miles”) via Transfer
Rewards under the SC EasyRewards programme, in the manner set out in the SC EasyRewards Terms and
Conditions found in the Rewards Programme Terms. Please take note of the applicable fees and terms and
conditions that apply in the SC EasyRewards Terms and Conditions in relation to conversion of Rewards Points
to Partner Airline Miles, Hotel Partner Points or other rewards.
26. The base Reward Points will be credited to the Journey Card account when your eligible transaction is posted.
Additional Reward Points will be aggregated across all Journey Card Bonus Transactions and credited on your
statement cycle date.
27. Selected transactions set out in Standard Chartered Credit Card Retail Transaction Exclusions will not be
considered as Journey Card Qualifying Transactions and are not eligible to earn any Rewards Points.INTERNAL
28. For Journey Card Qualifying Transactions charged in foreign currency to the Journey Card, the transaction
amount posted in the Journey Card account (which is inclusive of the exchange rate conversion and
commission, if any) will be considered as the amount of the Journey Card Qualifying Transaction for the
purpose of calculating the Rewards Points earned for the Journey Card Rewards Promotion.
29. All Journey Card Qualifying Transactions must be charged to the Journey Card. The Bank is not responsible for
any failure or delay in the transmission of the transactions by any party including but not limited to acquiring
merchants, merchant establishments, or any telecommunication provider.
30. Journey Card Qualifying Transactions charged to supplementary cards in respect of a Journey Card will be
counted towards the fulfilment of the relevant spend requirement for the Journey Card Rewards Promotion.
32. The Bank reserves the right to determine in our sole and absolute discretion whether Journey Cardholders
and Journey Card supplementary cardholders have met all requirements of this Journey Card Rewards
Promotion, and whether amounts charged to a Journey Card are eligible to qualify for the Journey Card
Rewards Promotion. Our decision in all matters arising out of or in connection with the Journey Card Rewards
Promotion is final and conclusive and no correspondence in this regard will be entertained.
33. A person who is not a party to these Journey Card Rewards Promotion terms and conditions has no right
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any of the Journey Card Rewards Promotion
terms and conditions.
34. These Journey Card Rewards Promotion terms and conditions are to be read in conjunction with our Customer
Terms, Credit Card Terms, SCJ Terms and Conditions, Standard Chartered 360° Rewards Programme, and any
other product terms that may be relevant in connection with the Journey Card Rewards Promotion
(collectively "Other Terms"). In the event of any inconsistency between the Journey Card Rewards Promotion
and any brochures, marketing or promotional materials relating to the Journey Card Rewards Promotion, and
the Other Terms, these Journey Card Rewards Promotion terms and conditions shall prevail to the extent of
such inconsistency.INTERNAL
Part 3 – Standard Chartered Journey Credit Card Priority Pass Promotion (“Journey Card Priority Pass Promotion”)
35. This Journey Card Priority Pass Promotion is only applicable to principal Journey Cardholders.
36. All Journey Cardholders will be eligible to apply for the Journey Card Priority Pass.
37. To apply for the Journey Card Priority Pass, a Journey Cardholder must successfully send an SMS from his/her
mobile number that has been registered with the Bank (“Bank Registered Mobile Number”) and in the
following format to 77272:
“SCX<space>PP<space><last 4 digits of Journey Card>”
(Example: SCX PP 1234)
All SMSes which are not in this prescribed format, sent to an incorrect number, or sent from a non-Bank
Registered Mobile Number will not be accepted and will be considered by the Bank to be invalid and/or void,
and the Bank’s determination shall be final and conclusive.
38. If the SMS referred to in Clause 37 (the “Journey Card Priority Pass Application SMS”) is successfully sent to
77272 by a Journey Cardholder, the Journey Cardholder will receive 2 SMSes:
a Within 2 working days of receiving the Journey Card Priority Pass Application SMS: An acknowledgement
of successful receipt of the Journey Card Priority Pass Application SMS will be sent to the Bank Registered
Mobile Number which the Journey Cardholder had used to send the Journey Card Priority Pass Application
SMS; and
b Within 14 working days of receiving the Journey Card Priority Pass Application SMS from the Journey
Cardholder of the Journey Card Priority Pass Application: A unique code that is for one-time use (the
“Journey Card Priority Pass Unique Code”) will be sent via SMS to such Journey Cardholder’s Bank
Registered Mobile Number.
39. The Journey Cardholder can visit sc.com/sg/journey and click on “Click here to activate your Priority Pass”
found under the portion titled “Priority Pass Privileges” to access the application form for the Journey Card
Priority Pass hosted on Priority Pass’ website. Input the Journey Card Priority Pass Unique Code received from
the Bank and complete the rest of the application for the Journey Card Priority Pass on the Priority Pass
website.
40. The speed and reliability of service of the Journey Cardholder’s mobile connection is dependent solely on
his/her respective mobile service provider. The Bank is not responsible or liable in any manner whatsoever
for any delay or failure in the transmission or receipt of any SMS or any failure to register resulting from the
same. Journey Cardholders shall be solely responsible for all fees and charges imposed by their service
providers in conjunction with the sending / receipt of any/all SMSes referred to in Clause 37.
41. All Journey Cardholders with a valid Journey Card Priority Pass will be eligible for two (2) complimentary visits
(“Journey Card Priority Pass Free Visits”) to the airport lounges under the Priority Pass Lounge program for
each Period (as defined below). In order to enjoy the Journey Card Priority Pass Free Visits, the Journey
Cardholder has to be present at such airport lounge. “Period” shall mean:
a. the date the Journey Cardholder’s application for the Journey Card Priority Pass is approved by Priority
Pass (A.P.) Limited (“Priority Pass”) to the day before the first anniversary of such approval (the “Initial
Period” for purposes of Part P3); or
b. the date after the first anniversary of the approval by Priority Pass of the Journey Cardholder’s
application for the Journey Card Priority Pass to the day before the next anniversary of such approval
(each, a “Subsequent Period” for purposes of Part P3).INTERNAL
42. The Journey Card Priority Pass Free Visits comprises visits by the Journey Cardholder as well as visits by any
guest that the Journey Cardholder chooses to bring to the lounge. Each accompanying guest counts as one
(1) visit. For illustration, if a Journey Cardholder is accompanied by one of his/her guests, it will count as two
(2) complimentary visits. Any additional visits by a Journey Cardholder and/or his/her guests beyond such
Journey Cardholder’s complimentary entitlement will be chargeable as per Clause 43.
Journey Cardholder Number of complimentary Illustration of usage
additional eligibility visits that can be enjoyed
criteria for Journey by a Journey Cardholder
Card Priority Pass and/or his/her guest at
Promotion Priority Pass Airport
Lounges
For new applications for 2 for the Initial Period If a Journey Cardholder is
the Journey Card accompanied by a guest on each of
Priority Pass, the his/her 1 lounge visit, it will count as
Journey Card has to be 2 visits and that Journey Cardholder's
valid and in good complimentary visits are exhaustive.
standing as of the date
of the Journey
Cardholder's Journey
Card Priority Pass
Application SMS is
received by the Bank.
For renewals of the 2 per Subsequent
Journey Card Priority Period
Pass, the Journey Card
has to be valid and in
good standing as of the
date on which the Bank
checks the status of the
principal Journey Card,
where the date of such
check falls before the
start date of the next
Subsequent Period.
43. The Journey Cardholder will be charged by Priority Pass (A.P.) Limited for every subsequent visit after the
Journey Cardholder has exhausted the Journey Card Priority Pass Free Visits. Such charges applicable for
subsequent visits will be at Priority Pass (A.P.) Limited’s prevailing rate which can be found at
www.prioritypass.com. This charge applies to each subsequent visit by each Journey Cardholder and each of
his/her guest(s).
44. If the principal Journey Card is no longer active when the charges applicable for subsequent visits is posted,
then the Bank reserves the right to charge the Priority Pass visit prevailing rate to any other valid, active credit
card of the same Journey Cardholder or any other account(s) held by the Journey Cardholder with the Bank.INTERNAL
45. The Journey Cardholder is required to show the Journey Card Priority Pass card either by presenting (A) the
physical Journey Card Priority Pass membership card at the relevant airport lounge or (B) the digital Journey
Card Priority Pass membership card stored digitally on the Priority Pass Application installed on the Journey
Cardholder’s mobile device when visiting any of the participating airport lounges. For list of participating
lounges in this program, you may visit www.prioritypass.com.
46. The Journey Cardholder is required to sign a receipt indicating the terms of usage i.e. date of lounge entry and
number of guests being brought into the lounge. In the case of any dispute, the Journey Cardholder agrees
that this receipt signed by him/her is valid and correctly reflects the number of guests he/she has brought into
the Priority Pass Airport Lounge and that the charges applicable for subsequent visits will be posted to the
Journey Cardholder’s Journey Card account.
47. The Journey Cardholder can enjoy Priority Pass facilities only if his/her Journey Card is valid and in good
standing.
48. The Journey Cardholder’s Journey Card Priority Pass shall be automatically blocked if his/her principal Journey
Card is suspended or cancelled.
49. For the avoidance of doubt, the supplementary cardholder of the Journey Card is not eligible to apply for the
Journey Card Priority Pass, only the principal Journey Cardholder may apply for the Journey Card Priority Pass.
50. We shall not be liable for any loss of any items which the Journey Cardholder and/or his/her guests may suffer
while at the Priority Pass Lounge.
51. Except for death or personal injury caused by the negligence of the Bank, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, we shall have no liability in respect of and shall be held harmless from any liabilities/
damages/costs/loss/claims of any kind (including legal costs) to any person or entity associated with the
Journey Cardholder’s and/or his/her guest(s)’ injury/death or damage/destruction to any of the Journey
Cardholder’s and/or his/her guest(s)’ property arising out of use of any Priority Pass Lounge.
52. The Priority Pass Programme is offered by Priority Pass (A.P.) Limited. We are not responsible for the
goods/services at any of the Priority Pass lounges nor are we liable for any defect or shortcoming of the
goods/services obtained/availed at such lounges.
53. A person who is not a party to these Journey Card Priority Pass Promotion terms and conditions has no right
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any of the Journey Card Priority Pass
Promotion Terms and Conditions.
54. These Journey Card Priority Pass Promotion terms and conditions are to be read in conjunction with our
Customer Terms, Credit Card Terms, Standard Chartered Visa Infinite Journey Card Promotion Terms,
Standard Chartered 360° Rewards Programme, and any other product terms that may be relevant in
connection with the Journey Card Priority Pass Promotion (collectively "Other Terms"). In the event of any
inconsistency between the Journey Card Priority Pass Promotion terms and conditions and any brochures,
marketing or promotional materials relating to the Journey Card Priority Pass Promotion, these Journey Card
Priority Pass Gift Promotion terms and conditions shall prevail to the extent of such inconsistency.
V.062025