OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING OCBC NXT CREDIT CARD
The following terms and conditions and any other rules, procedures or instructions which we may
issue from time to time (collectively “Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to OCBC NXT Credit
Card (“OCBC NXT Card” or “Card”).
These Terms and Conditions together with the terms of the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement (as
may be amended, modified and supplemented by OCBC from time to time) shall govern and
apply to the OCBC NXT Card. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms
and Conditions and the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement, these Terms and Conditions shall
prevail in so far as they relate to OCBC NXT Card.
All terms and references used in these Terms and Conditions, and which are defined or construed
in the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement but are not defined or construed in these Terms and
Conditions shall have the same meaning and construction in these Terms and Conditions.
1. OCBC NXT Card
The OCBC NXT Card is a card bearing the name MasterCard and/or the service mark of
MasterCard issued by Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC Bank”) (including
any substitution, replacements or renewals thereof) which comes with the following features: (a)
Interest Free Instalments Scheme over a period of 3, 6 or 12 months. (b) Spend on the Card
programme whereby you can earn cash rebates as incur spending on the Card, subject to the
terms and conditions below.
2. Interest Free Instalments Scheme (“Scheme”)
2.1 Under the Scheme, a Card Transaction with an amount equivalent to or above a pre-set
Trigger Amount (as defined below) or, as the case may be, the Default Trigger Amount (as
defined below) will automatically be split into 3, 6 or 12 instalments as per the table below.
The instalments are interest free and payable monthly over a period of 3, 6 or 12 months
(each an “Instalment Period”).
Cash Transaction Amount Instalment Period
< $1,000 3 months
≥ $1,000 6 months
> $0 12 months
(Only eligible for premium payment on
Selected Great Eastern Life and Great
Eastern General plans)
2.2 You authorise us to pay the relevant merchant for your purchase of the relevant
goods/services and to debit your Card Account for the purchase of the goods/services in the
number of instalments as we may determine under the Scheme.
2.3 Your use of the Card to pay a merchant for purchase of any goods/services is subject to the
approval and/or terms and conditions of the relevant merchant.
2.4 The first instalment payment will be charged immediately to your Card Account when you
purchase the goods/services. Each subsequent instalment payment will be charged to yourOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
Card Account on or about the same day in each following month, until the purchase price or
transaction amount has been completely charged to the Card Account.
2.5 Each of the instalment amounts charged to your Card Account will be deemed as a charge
arising from and be payable by you as a Card Transaction under the Cardmembers Agreement.
2.6 To be eligible for the Scheme, you agree that the available credit limit on your Card Account
(excluding any temporary credit line increase)(“Credit Limit”) must be sufficient to block out
the entire transaction amount at the time the Card Transaction is made. If the transaction
amount exceeds the Credit Limit of your Card Account, the transaction amount will not be split
into instalments and the full transaction amount will be charged to your Card Account.
2.7 You agree that the Credit Limit of your Card Account will be reduced by such portion of the
transaction amount that is unpaid, although the same may not be posted to your Card Account
as yet. Upon your payment of an instalment, your reduced Credit Limit may, at our discretion,
be increased by such amount corresponding to the amount paid pursuant to such instalment
amount.
2.8 If any instalment payment debited to your Card Account is not paid in full when due, you must
pay us the finance charges, interest and fees on the outstanding amounts at our prevailing
rate.
2.9 The Scheme is not applicable to any Cash Advance, Balance Transfer, Instalment Payment
Plan, interest, fees and such other promotions and transactions as we may determine.
2.10 You will not be eligible to the Scheme if you have failed to make the full payment specified in
your Billing Statement by payment due date.
2.11 We reserve the right to change the Scheme (including but not limited to the number of
instalments and Instalment Period) in any manner as we deem fit without notice at any time
or from time to time.
2.12 We reserve the right to exclude or reject any Card Transaction under the Scheme.
3. Processing Fee
3.1 You agree to pay us a one-time non-refundable 1% processing fee (“Fee”) (as calculated
below) together with the first instalment of your 12 months interest-free Great Eastern
premium charged to your Card.
3.2 For clarity, Cardmembers who charge a new, or a renewal of, their Great Eastern premium to
the Card based on the 12 months interest-free scheme from 1st October 2020 onwards will be
subjected to the 1% Fee.
3.3 For avoidance of doubt, in the event that you voluntarily terminate your (i) Card Account or (ii)
Great Eastern premium, or if you make an early repayment of the Great Eastern premium
under your Card Account, the one-time non-refundable 1% Fee (or such other amount as we
may determine in our discretion from time to time) will still be levied on you.
3.4 The 1% Fee will be calculated as a percentage of the total Great Eastern premium transaction
amount, rounded up to the nearest 2 decimal places as illustrated in the table below:OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
Examples Total Great Eastern 1% Fee to be charged to
Premiums amount (before the Card
split into 12 months
instalments)
Customer A S$5,000 S$50
Customer B S$12,999.10 S$129.99
4. Trigger Amount
4.1 You may specify a trigger amount to be applied for the Scheme (“Trigger Amount”) in your
application form subject to a minimum Trigger Amount of S$100.
4.2 If no Trigger Amount is specified by you in the application form, we will default the Trigger
Amount to S$100 (“Default Trigger Amount”).
4.3 If your specified Trigger Amount is lower than S$100 or higher than the Credit Limit of your
Card Account, the Trigger Amount to be applied for your Card under the Scheme will be set
at S$100.
4.4 All Trigger Amounts indicated must be to the nearest hundred dollars.
4.5 We reserve the right to vary the Default Trigger Amount without notice at any time or from
time to time.
5. Extension / Acceleration of Payments
5.1 You may make an application, subject to a non-refundable processing fee, to extend time for
your instalment payments at any time during the Instalment Period if the outstanding
transaction amount is no less than S$500. We must receive your application at least 7
business days before the date of your Billing Statement for that month to process your
application. We accept applications made in writing or through telephone.
5.2 If your application for extension of time is received by using less than 7 business days from
the date of your Billing Statement for that month, we will not include the monthly instalment
due for that month in processing your application and will proceed to charge such instalment
to your Card Account for that month. Your application for extension of time will be considered
for the remaining instalments or the balance transaction amount which have yet to be posted
to your Card Account.
5.3 Upon our approval of your application, you will pay the remaining instalments in such number
and amount of instalment as we may specify (“Extended Instalments”). In addition, you will
pay a one-off non-refundable processing fee at a rate as determined by us. The processing
fee will be charged to and debited from your Card Account together with the next instalment
payment.
5.4 The Extended Instalments will be charged to your Card Account and be treated the same
way as any other Card Transaction charged to the Card Account.OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
5.5 We may at our discretion and without notice to you debit the whole balance of the transaction
amount then outstanding to your Card Account, in which case such balance will be
immediately due and payable by you.
5.6 You agree to pay us a non-refundable administrative fee of S$150 (or at such rate as we
may determine) if you terminate the Card Account or apply to accelerate payment of the
whole balance of the transaction amount then outstanding. Such administrative fee is
payable and not refundable if you subsequently retract your application, fail to pay the
outstanding transaction amount or decide to continue with the Card Account.
5.7 In the event that any Insurance policy transaction placed on your Card is cancelled during
the freelook period and/or pre-maturely terminated, regardless of whether the removal of
such policy is initiated by you or the insurer, we reserve the right to accelerate payment of
the whole balance of the transaction amount then outstanding to your Card Account, in which
case such balance will be immediately due and payable by you.
6. Cash Rebates
6.1 As a Cardmember of the Card, you will receive cash rebates based on the amount of eligible
retail spend in your monthly Billing Statement as follows:
a) If your monthly billed amount of eligible retail spend is below S$1,000, you will receive
0.5% cash rebates calculated on the total billed amount of eligible retail spend.
b) If your monthly billed amount of eligible retail spend is S$1,000 and above, you will receive
1.0% cash rebates calculated on the total billed amount of eligible retail spend subject to a
cap of S$100 per month.
Illustration:
(i) If you are billed S$800 for eligible retail spend in your Billing Statement, you will receive
cash rebates of S$800 x 0.5%= S$4.
(ii) If you are billed S$1,200 for eligible retail spend in your Billing Statement, you will receive
cash rebates of S$1,200 x 1.0%= S$12.
Note: From 1 October 2020, Great Eastern premium will no longer be awarded rebates.
You may refer to Clause 6.4 below for the definition of “eligible retail spend”.
6.2 Cash rebates earned by a Supplementary Cardmember will be credited to the Card Account
of the Principal Cardmember.
6.3 We reserve the right to vary the rates or impose a cap on the rebate amount without notice
at any time or from time to time.
6.4 Cash rebates are awarded only for “eligible retail spend” made on the Card.
The following will not be taken into account in the award and computation of cash rebates or in
the computation of “eligible retail spend”:
• Annual card fees, interest, late payment charges;
• Tax payments;
• Bill payments made via Internet Banking and any AXS Network;OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
• Transactions under Transportation and Tolls MCC 4111/4121/4131 except for
transactions with Grab Transport, Gojek and licensed taxi operators (including, without
limitation, Comfort/Citycab/ Transcab/ SMRT Taxi/ Premier Taxi/ Prime Taxi/ HDT Taxi).
• Transactions classified under the following MCCs:
Merchant
Description Description
Code (MCC)
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4829 Wire Transfer Money Orders (WTMOs)
4900 Utilities–Electric, Gas, Heating Oil, Sanitary, Water
5047 Medical, Dental, Ophthalmic and Hospital Equipment and Supplies
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5960 Direct Marketing Insurance Services
5993 Cigars, Stores and Stands
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign
6051
Currency, Non-Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting and Premiums
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers–Rentals
6540 Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Cleaning, maintenance and janitorial services
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming
7995
Chips, Off-Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Organizations, Charitable and Social ServiceOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
8651 Organizations, Political
8661 Organizations, Religious
8675 Automobile Associations
Organizations, Membership–Not Elsewhere Classified (Labor
8699
Union)
9211 Court Costs Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
9402 Postal Services–Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases–Government Only
• Cash-On-Instalment Facility, Instalment Payment Plan, PayLite, Cash Advances, Balance
Transfers; and
• any such other fees, charges, payments, services, products and/or facilities as may be
decided by us in our absolute discretion at any time and from time to time.
• For the avoidance of doubt, the Bank has the absolute discretion to decide whether or not
to provide any notice in relation to any of its decisions made hereto.
For the avoidance of doubt, transactions listed below are not eligible for cashback:
(i) Any top-ups or payment of funds to prepaid accounts and merchants who are
categorized as “payment service providers” (including but not limited to GrabPay,
Youtrip, Shopee Pay and Singtel Dash);
(ii) Payments of membership fees to clubs and associations (including country clubs);
and
• NETS Flashpay Top-ups, Ez-Link Top-ups and TransitLink related transactions.
6.5 Retail purchases charged to the Card but have yet to be posted to the Card Account will
not be taken into account in the computation of cash rebates to be awarded.
6.6 Refunded retail purchases will be deducted from the relevant monthly billed amount for
the computation and award of cash rebates. Any reversed portion of cash rebates will be
reflected in the Billing Statement of the following month.
6.7 We may retract, deduct and/or re-compute any cash rebates awarded if any cardmember
fails to effect due payment for the Card Transactions or the Card Account is terminated
by a cardmember or the Bank.
6.8 Any cash rebates awarded will be reflected in the Billing Statement provided on a monthly
basis. Such cash rebates will be automatically offset against that month’s billed amount.
6.9 We reserve the right to replace the cash rebates with another item or kind of reward as
we may determine without notice at any time or from time to time.OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
6.10 We reserve the right to claw back any and all cash rebates previously awarded to you for
any Insurance policy transactions placed on your Card if the policy is cancelled under the
freelook period and/or pre-maturely terminated, regardless of whether the removal of
such policy is initiated by you or the insurer.
6.11 We reserve the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the Cardmember
to claw-back, deduct, withdraw or cancel any cash rebate or other rewards/rebates
awarded to the Cardmember for any reason whatsoever, and without any liability to the
Cardmember.
6.12 We reserve the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the Cardmember
to debit, charge and/or deduct from any of the Cardmember’s accounts with us, and/or
demand the relevant Cardmember to repay or compensate to us, the monetary value
equivalent of any cash rebate previously awarded, for any reason whatsoever, and
without any liability to the Cardmember. Further, if any Cardmember wishes to close
his/her Card Account but such Card Account has an insufficient or negative balance for
any reason whatsoever, we reserve the right to debit, charge and/or deduct from any of
the Cardmember’s accounts with us, and/or demand the relevant Cardmember to repay
or compensate us, the monetary value equivalent of the amount of cash rebate in deficit.
6.13 No person shall be entitled to any payment or compensation whatsoever in respect of
any claw-back, deduction, withdrawal or cancellation of any cash rebate or any debit,
charge or deduction or demand for the monetary value equivalent of any cash rebate
made by us, for any reason whatsoever.
6.14 We may, at our sole discretion and without notice, suspend the Card at any time.
6.15 The crediting of cash rebates to your Card Account will be entirely at our discretion and
we shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage suffered or incurred by any
cardmember in connection with the Card.
6.16 Our decision on all matters relating to or in connection with the Card (including the
Scheme) shall be final and binding on all cardmembers.
6.17 In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms & Conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional material relating to the Card, these Terms & Conditions shall
prevail.
7. Other Conditions
As a member of OCBC NXT Credit Card Programme, Cardmembers will be eligible for
benefits of card campaigns (Chinese New Year, Travel Fair, Card Activation and Christmas
Campaign). Cardmembers will be notified of the campaign details prior to the start of the
campaign.
8. Amendments
We may vary, add, delete, amend or modify any one or more provisions in these Terms and
Conditions at any time and from time to time without notice. You are deemed to accept and
are bound by such variations, additions, deletions, amendments and/or modifications if you
do not terminate the use of the Card.OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
9. Rights of third parties
A person who is not a party to these Terms and Conditions has no right under the Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act Cap 53B to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions.
10. Governing law and jurisdiction clause
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Republic of Singapore, and you irrevocably submit to the non-Exclusive
jurisdiction of the Courts of the Republic of Singapore.
ALL INFORMATION IS CORRECT AND COMPLETE AS AT 13 February 2023.