The American Express® Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card
Card Member Agreement and Benefits Terms and Conditions
Contents
1. Benefits Terms and Conditions
o General Terms and Conditions Page 2
o Earning KrisFlyer miles Page 3 – 4
o Bonus KrisFlyer miles Page 5
o Singapore Airlines Benefits Page 6 – 11
o Travel and Other Benefits Page 12
2. Card Member Agreement
o Terms and Conditions Page 13 – 20
o Important Information Page 21 – 22
o Product Highlight Sheet Page 23
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00 One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.
americanexpress.com.sg Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company. © Copyright 2026 American Express Company.
1Benefits Terms and Conditions
General Terms and Conditions
To enjoy these privileges and benefits, Card Members must present their American Express Singapore
Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card (“Card”) and all relevant charges must be made to the Card.
American Express International Inc. (“American Express”) reserves the right to change, suspend or
terminate these privileges and/or benefits due to business reasons, change in contractual terms with
our partners, and/or unforeseen circumstances. The provision of services, activities or benefits stated
is the responsibility of the respective merchant and/or service establishment. Participation of
merchants is subject to change. American Express acts solely as a payment provider and is not
responsible or liable in the event that such services, activities or benefits are not provided or fulfilled by
the merchant and/or service establishment. In the event of any disputes, the decision of American
Express shall be final.
Card Members acknowledge that any disputes in relation to the above are to be directed solely to the
merchant and/or service establishment providing such services, activities or benefits.
American Express reserves the right to reverse or otherwise recover any benefits awarded if there is any
non-compliance or breach by you of these Benefits Terms and Conditions or the Card Member
Agreement, and/or if we discover or reasonably suspect fraud, criminal activity, or such other misuse
or mischief (as reasonably determined by us) relating to your use of any benefits of the American
Express KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card.
Capitalized terms not herein defined have the same meanings given to it in the American Express
Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Terms and Conditions.
Information is correct as at date of publication.
2Earning KrisFlyer miles
General
• To qualify to earn KrisFlyer miles, your Card Account must be in good standing and not in default or
cancelled for any reason.
• You must also have a valid KrisFlyer membership account in your name linked to your Card Account
to earn KrisFlyer miles and enjoy the other Card privileges and benefits.
• Card Members are responsible for providing the correct KrisFlyer membership account details to
American Express, and must cooperate with American Express to resolve any issues that may arise
in the crediting of KrisFlyer miles.
• If you provide invalid, incorrect or incomplete KrisFlyer membership account details, the KrisFlyer
miles earned on your Card Account will not be credited to your KrisFlyer membership account.
• The use of KrisFlyer miles is subject to KrisFlyer terms and conditions. Please note that redemption for
award tickets or upgrades will be subject to seat availability at the point of flight reservation and
ticketing. Taxes, charges and fees are applicable in addition to the required redemption mileage and
must be separately paid by the passenger in the applicable currency.
• KrisFlyer miles will only be awarded for eligible purchases of goods or services at American Express
merchants. KrisFlyer miles will not be awarded for non-eligible purchases or transactions. Please
visit go.amex/sgexclusions for a full list of non-eligible purchases or transactions, which is non-
exhaustive and is subject to changes from time to time.
• There will be appropriate adjustments to the KrisFlyer miles earned and/or awarded if the eligible
purchase is subsequently refunded or otherwise reversed (e.g. if cancelled or disputed).
• Subject to the foregoing, all KrisFlyer miles earned will be credited to the KrisFlyer membership
account linked to your Card Account on a monthly basis as reflected in your monthly statement. If
your Card Account is cancelled for any reason, you will cease to earn KrisFlyer miles but the
outstanding KrisFlyer miles already earned as of the date of cancellation will be credited to your
KrisFlyer membership account.
KrisFlyer miles earn rate for the Card
Spend (on eligible goods or services as described above) KrisFlyer miles earned
Every S$1 1.2 KrisFlyer miles
Only full KrisFlyer miles are awarded. A fraction of one KrisFlyer mile is rounded up from and including
0.50 KrisFlyer miles and rounded down if it is less than 0.50 KrisFlyer miles.
3Earning KrisFlyer miles on Singapore Airlines Group
The number of KrisFlyer miles will be based on the purchase amount and not the actual distance flown.
Card Member will receive:
• 2 KrisFlyer miles for every S$1 spent on eligible Singapore Airlines flight bookings originating from
Singapore which are purchased in Singapore Dollars directly from Singapore Airlines Limited via
phone bookings or through singaporeair.com and/or the SingaporeAir mobile app.
• 2 KrisFlyer miles for every S$1 spent on eligible Scoot flight bookings originating from Singapore
which are purchased in Singapore Dollars directly from Scoot Pte Ltd through flyscoot.com and/or
the Scoot mobile app.
• 2 KrisFlyer miles for every S$1 spent on eligible purchases in Singapore Dollars at KrisShop onboard
Singapore Airlines flights, and directly online at krisshop.com. KrisShop terms and conditions apply.
Please visit www.krisshop.com/en/page/platform-and-sale-terms for terms and conditions.
• 2 KrisFlyer miles for every S$1 spent on eligible bookings or purchases in Singapore Dollars at
Pelago through pelago.com and the Pelago mobile app. This excludes purchases made via digital
wallets such as Google Pay and Apple Pay.
Earning KrisFlyer miles on Grab
Earn up to 2 KrisFlyer miles* for every S$1 spent on Grab Singapore transactions on the Grab mobile
application (“Grab Transactions”), up to S$200 each calendar month. For Grab Transactions in excess
of S$200 per month, the standard earn rate for KrisFlyer miles set out in the American Express
Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card benefits Terms and Conditions will apply.
* This earn rate comprises the standard earn rate of 1.2 KrisFlyer miles for every S$1 spent on eligible
purchases of goods or services and a bonus 0.8 KrisFlyer miles for every S$1 spent on Grab
Transactions (8 bonus KrisFlyer miles are awarded in blocks of S$10 based on cumulative spent on Grab
Transactions at the end of every calendar month). Please note that Grab Transactions do not include
top-up charges for GrabPay.
4Bonus KrisFlyer miles
Welcome Bonus KrisFlyer miles
The Welcome Bonus of 5,000 KrisFlyer miles offer (“Welcome Bonus”) is applicable only to first time
applicants of any co-branded American Express Singapore Airlines Credit Card.
Card Members who have existing or cancelled co-branded American Express Singapore Airlines Credit
Cards (including but not limited to the American Express Singapore Airlines Solitaire PPS Credit Card,
American Express Singapore Airlines PPS Club Credit Card, American Express Singapore Airlines
KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card or American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Credit Card) are not
eligible for the Welcome Bonus.
The Welcome Bonus will be awarded to Card Members after their first monthly statement from American
Express showing a successful transaction, and will be credited directly into the KrisFlyer membership
account linked to your Card Account.
5Singapore Airlines Benefits
KrisFlyer Elite Gold Status Accelerator
“Eligible Card Members” (as defined below) who charge a cumulative amount of S$15,000 or more on
“Eligible Flight Bookings” (as defined below) within the first 12 months upon Card approval (“Spend
Criteria”) will be upgraded to the KrisFlyer Elite Gold membership tier (“KrisFlyer Elite Gold Upgrade”)
within 6 weeks from the time you meet the Spend Criteria.
To be an “Eligible Card Member”, you must:
(a) be a new American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Member;
(b) have a valid KrisFlyer or KrisFlyer Elite Silver membership at the time you meet the Spend
Criteria; and
(c) not have previously received a KrisFlyer Elite Gold Upgrade through the American Express
Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card at any time (for the avoidance of doubt, an
individual who previously received a KrisFlyer Elite Gold membership tier upgrade will not be
eligible, even if he/she cancelled, subsequently reapplied and is approved for the American
Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card).
“Eligible Flight Bookings” refer to:
• Singapore Airlines flight bookings originating from Singapore which are purchased in Singapore
Dollars directly from Singapore Airlines Limited through singaporeair.com (including purchases
made on singaporeair.com via Pay Small) and/or the SingaporeAir mobile app; and
• Scoot flight bookings originating from Singapore which are purchased in Singapore Dollars directly
from Scoot Pte Ltd through flyscoot.com and/or the Scoot mobile app.
Unless otherwise stated, the KrisFlyer Elite Gold Upgrade may not be applied in conjunction with, or in
addition to, any other promotions under which a Card Member may achieve Elite Gold Status by meeting
certain criteria.
For avoidance of doubt, PPS Club and KrisFlyer Elite Gold members do not qualify for any membership
tier upgrades under the KrisFlyer Elite Gold Status Accelerator.
The KrisFlyer Elite Gold status granted under this KrisFlyer Elite Gold Status Accelerator benefit is valid
for a period of one (1) year from date of upgrade only. Requalification is based on standard
requalification terms under the KrisFlyer programme. For more information on the benefits of being a
KrisFlyer Elite Gold member and requalification for KrisFlyer Elite Gold status, please visit:
https://www.singaporeair.com/en_UK/sg/ppsclub-krisflyer/krisflyer/krisflyer-elite-gold/
KrisFlyer and Singapore Airlines terms and conditions apply. Singapore Airlines reserves the right to
vary their terms and conditions or terminate this benefit without prior notice at their own sole discretion.
6Receive a KrisFlyer Miles Redemption Voucher worth 10,000 KrisFlyer miles with Renewal Payment of
Annual Membership Fee
Existing basic American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Members are eligible
to receive one (1) voucher for 10,000 KrisFlyer miles (the “Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher”) after
American Express receives payment of the renewal annual membership fee each year. American
Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Members who are billed their renewal annual
membership fee (in their monthly statement) will be awarded the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher
around 10 to 12 weeks from the date on which we receive payment of the renewal annual membership
fee. You will receive an email from American Express confirming your eligibility for the Renewal Miles
Redemption Voucher. You will also be notified on how to redeem the Renewal Miles Redemption
Voucher. For the avoidance of doubt, new American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit
Card Members are not eligible for the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher in their first membership
year.
The following terms and conditions from Singapore Airlines and KrisFlyer also apply:
• The Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher is valid for a period of 12 months from the date it is awarded
to you, and may only be used for redemption bookings (excluding HighFlyer bookings) or for
redemption upgrades on eligible flights operated by Singapore Airlines.
• The redemption, booking and all flight date(s) using the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher must
all be within the validity period of the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher.
• No extension will be entertained after the expiry of Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher.
• To be eligible for use of the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher, your KrisFlyer account must meet
both of the following conditions at the time of redemption:
a) Hold at least 50% of the KrisFlyer miles required to cover the full cost of the redemption booking
or redemption upgrade before applying the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher; and
b) Hold sufficient KrisFlyer miles to cover the full cost of the redemption booking or redemption
upgrade after applying the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher.
An illustration from Singapore Airlines on the use of the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher is in the
table below:
KrisFlyer miles KrisFlyer miles required in your KrisFlyer miles required in your
required for flight KrisFlyer account before the use of the KrisFlyer account after the use of the
booking Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher
10,000 miles 5,000 miles 0
20,000 miles 10,000 miles 10,000 miles
30,000 miles 15,000 miles 20,000 miles
740,000 miles 20,000 miles 30,000 miles
• Only one Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher can be applied in a redemption booking or redemption
upgrade. The Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher can be used by the principal KrisFlyer member or
for his/her redemption nominee. For bookings or upgrades involving more than one eligible
passenger, the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher will only be applied to the first eligible passenger
in the booking or upgrade. If the full amount of 10,000 KrisFlyer miles is not used in a booking or an
upgrade for the first eligible passenger, the remaining KrisFlyer miles in the Renewal Miles
Redemption Voucher will be forfeited, and cannot be applied to another passenger in the same
booking, upgrade or otherwise.
• If changes are made to your booking or upgrade such that additional KrisFlyer miles are required,
you must top-up the additional KrisFlyer miles from your KrisFlyer membership account for you to
redeem the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher. However, if fewer KrisFlyer miles are required, no
refund will be given. If your booking or upgrade is refunded in full, the Renewal Miles Redemption
Voucher will be credited back to your KrisFlyer membership account, provided that it is still within
the validity period.
• The Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher cannot be used in conjunction with purchasing of KrisFlyer
miles to complete a redemption booking or upgrade. The Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher
cannot be combined with any other promotions, offers, benefits and/or rewards, including but not
limited to the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher (as defined below).
• The Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher cannot be used for upgrades using miles performed at the
airport or via mySQupgrade.
• The Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher cannot be applied retroactively. For example, if you make
a redemption using at least 10,000 KrisFlyer miles before the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher
is awarded to you, you cannot subsequently use the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher to obtain
a refund of 10,000 KrisFlyer miles under any circumstances.
Singapore Airlines reserves the right to change the eligible destinations, flight numbers and travel dates,
without prior notice. The use of the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher is also subject to other KrisFlyer
and Singapore Airlines terms and conditions, which are available at singaporeair.com. Singapore Airlines
reserves the right to vary such terms and conditions or cease its participation in this benefit without
prior notice at their own sole discretion.
8An illustration from Singapore Airlines of how the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher may be used is
set out in the table below:
Award Ticket Flight Route KrisFlyer miles Renewal Miles KrisFlyer miles
Type you would Redemption used to redeem
normally use to Voucher Award Ticket
redeem an Award
Ticket
Economy Class: Singapore to 15,500 10,000 5,500
One-way Saver Hong Kong
Award
Premium Singapore to 39,500 10,000 29,500
Economy Class: Japan
One-way Saver
Award
Business Class: Singapore to 75,000 10,000 65,000
One-way Beijing
Advantage Award
Illustration based on Singapore Airlines Award Chart with effect from 1 November 2025
Receive a KrisFlyer Miles Redemption Voucher worth 18,000 KrisFlyer miles with S$10,000 equivalent
spent on foreign currency
American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Members who charge the equivalent
of S$10,000 or more in foreign currency (other than in Singapore Dollars) to their Card between 1
November 2025 to 31 October 2026 (both days inclusive), or within any other period as notified by Amex
or specified in these terms and conditions from time to time (respectively the “Qualifying Foreign
Spend” and such period the “Qualifying Period”), will receive one (1) voucher for 18,000 KrisFlyer miles
(the “Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher”). You will receive an email from American Express
confirming your eligibility for the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher and with instructions on
redemption.
The following terms and conditions from Singapore Airlines and KrisFlyer also apply:
• The Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher is valid for 12 months from the date it is awarded to
you, and shall be used for redemption bookings (excluding HighFlyer bookings) or for redemption
upgrades on eligible flights operated by Singapore Airlines.
• The redemption, booking and all flight date(s) using the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher
all must be within the validity period of the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher.
• No extension will be entertained after the expiry of Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher.
• To be eligible for use of the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher, your KrisFlyer account must
meet both of the following conditions at the time of redemption:
a) Hold at least 50% of the KrisFlyer miles required to cover the full cost of the redemption booking
or redemption upgrade before applying the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher; and
b) Hold sufficient KrisFlyer miles to cover the full cost of the redemption booking or redemption
upgrade after applying the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher.
9An illustration from Singapore Airlines on the use of the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher
is in the table below:
KrisFlyer miles KrisFlyer miles required in your KrisFlyer miles required in your
required for flight KrisFlyer account before the use of the KrisFlyer account after the use of the
booking Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Foreign Spend Miles Redemption
Voucher Voucher
18,000 miles 9,000 miles 0
27,000 miles 13,500 miles 9,000 miles
36,000 miles 18,000 miles 18,000 miles
45,000 miles 22,500 miles 27,000 miles
• Only one Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher can be applied in a redemption booking or
redemption upgrade. The Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher can be used by the principal
KrisFlyer member or for his/her redemption nominee. For bookings or upgrades involving more
than one eligible passenger, the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher will only be applied to the
first eligible passenger in the booking or upgrade. If the full amount of 18,000 KrisFlyer miles is not
used in a booking or an upgrade for the first eligible passenger, the remaining KrisFlyer miles in the
Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher will be forfeited, and cannot be applied to another
passenger in the same booking, upgrade or otherwise.
• If changes are made to your booking or upgrade such that additional KrisFlyer miles are required,
you must top-up the additional KrisFlyer miles from your KrisFlyer membership account for you to
redeem the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher. However, if KrisFlyer fewer miles are
required, no refund will be given. If your booking or upgrade is refunded in full, the Foreign Spend
Miles Redemption Voucher will be credited back to your KrisFlyer membership account, provided
that it is still within the validity period.
• The Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher cannot be used in conjunction with purchasing of
KrisFlyer miles to complete a redemption booking or upgrade. The Foreign Spend Miles Redemption
Voucher cannot be combined with any other promotions, offers, benefit and/or rewards, including
but not limited to the Renewal Miles Redemption Voucher.
• The Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher cannot be used for upgrades using miles performed
at the airport or via mySQupgrade.
• The Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher cannot be applied retroactively. For example, if you
make a redemption using at least 18,000 KrisFlyer miles before the Foreign Spend Redemption
Voucher is awarded to you, you cannot subsequently use the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption
Voucher to obtain a refund of 18,000 KrisFlyer miles under any circumstances.
10Singapore Airlines reserves the right to change the eligible destinations, flight numbers and travel dates,
without prior notice. The use of the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher is also subject to other
KrisFlyer and Singapore Airlines terms and conditions, which are available at singaporeair.com.
Singapore Airlines reserves the right to vary such terms and conditions or cease its participation in this
benefit without prior notice at their own sole discretion.
An illustration from Singapore Airlines of how the Foreign Spend Miles Redemption Voucher may be
used is set out in the table below:
Award Ticket Flight Route KrisFlyer miles Foreign Spend KrisFlyer miles
Type you would Miles Redemption used to redeem
normally use to Voucher Award Ticket
redeem an Award
Ticket
Economy Class: Singapore to 20,500 18,000 2,500
One-way Saver Perth
Award
Premium Singapore to 39,500 18,000 21,500
Economy Class: Japan
One-way Saver
Award
Business Class: Singapore to 75,000 18,000 57,000
One-way Beijing
Advantage Award
Illustration based on Singapore Airlines Award Chart with effect from 1 November 2025
11Travel and Other Benefits
Complimentary Night’s Stay with Participating Hilton Hotels
New and existing Basic American Express® Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Members
are eligible to receive one (1) Voucher, around 10 to 12 weeks after American Express receives payment
of the annual membership fee each year, to redeem a complimentary hotel night stay at participating
Hilton properties. For the full set of Terms and Conditions, please visit go.amex/ascendhilton.
Complimentary Hilton Honors Silver Status
New American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Members (Primary/Principal
Card Members only) are eligible to enroll for a complimentary Hilton Honors Silver Status via an invite
included in their Card welcome pack.
To be eligible for a Hilton Honors Silver status upgrade, Card Members must register at
www.HiltonHonors.com/amexkrisflyersilver by 31 December 2026 (“Promotion Period”). Offer is available
only to American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Members who enroll by 31
December 2026 and is not transferable. Limit of one registration or enrolment per American Express
Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Member.
Once a member reaches Hilton Honors Silver status, the member may keep such status only for the
calendar year in which the Hilton Honors Silver status was earned and the subsequent calendar year. To
retain their status after this initial complimentary period, a member has to satisfy certain qualifications
found and to be completed on HiltonHonors.com/Silver. If a member fails to satisfy those qualifications,
their Hilton Honors Silver status shall be revoked and member shall retain whatever status they were
holding before the complimentary Hilton Honors Silver status upgrade. This offer may be terminated
without notice. Hilton Honors Silver status may be revoked at any time should Hilton Honors have
reason to believe, or subsequently discover any instances of fraud, irregularity or attempted abuse. Full
details of member status will be emailed to the member upon attaining the tier level. Please allow four
(4) to six (6) weeks following registration for your Hilton Honors status to be upgraded. Hilton Honors
membership, earning of Points & Miles™ when booking direct and redemption of Points are subject to
Hilton Honors Terms and Conditions. All Hampton by Hilton™ hotels in Mainland China are excluded
from the Hilton Honors program. Visit www.HiltonHonors.com/Terms for more details.
Travel Inconvenience and Travel Accident Coverage
Travel Inconvenience and Travel Accident is underwritten by Chubb Insurance Singapore Limited
(formerly known as ACE Insurance Limited). To enjoy free Travel Inconvenience & Travel Accident
Benefits of up to S$1 million, Card Member(s) must charge the entire fare to your American Express
Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card. Other terms and conditions apply.
Please refer to www.americanexpress.com/content/dam/amex/sg/pdfs/krisflyer/kfa-insurance.pdf for the
full set of Travel Insurance Terms and Conditions.
Exclusive Hertz privileges worldwide
Please visit www.hertz.com/AmexBenefits for full listing of Terms and Conditions.
12IMPORTANT Please read these Terms and Conditions thoroughly. If you keep or
use the American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card, you
will be agreeing to these Terms and Conditions and they will govern your use
of the Credit Card. If you do not wish to accept these Terms and Conditions, please cut the
Credit Card in half and return the pieces to us as soon as possible.
1. DEFINITIONS In these Terms and Conditions, the following words
shall have the respective meanings set out hereunder unless the context
otherwise requires:-
“Account” means any Account maintained by us under these Terms and Conditions.
“Available Credit Limit” means the Credit Limit less previous balance less all n ew charges.
“Basic Credit Card Member” means the individual in whose name the
American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card Account
is maintained.
“Cash Advances” means any cash advance obtained by use of a Credit Card, PIN or otherwise
authorised by you for debit to the Account.
“Charge” means a transaction made or charged with the Credit Card, whether or not a Record
of Charge form is signed, and also includes Cash Advances, Express Cash transactions,
Balance Transfers, fees, interests, taxes and all other amounts you have agreed to pay us or
have agreed to be liable for under these Terms and Conditions.
“Closing Balance” means the total sum of the Basic Credit Card Member’s and Supplementary
Credit Card Member’s (if any) liabilities according to our records on the date of issue of the
statement.
“Credit Card” means the American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Basic Credit
Card and the American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Supplementary Credit
Card or either of them (where applicable).
“Establishment” means a person, company, fi rm, proprietorship, partnership, business or
organisation which accepts the American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit
Card in payment for goods and/or services.
“GST” means Goods and Services Tax in Singapore.
“Payment Due Date” means the date specifi ed in the statement for payment of the Closing
Balance or any part thereof (including the minimum payment).
“PIN” means the personal identifi cation number given by us or chosen by you for use with
the Credit Card.
“Supplementary Credit Card Member” means an individual other than the American
Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Basic Credit Card Member to whom a
Credit Card is issued and whose Charges are chargeable to the Basic Credit Card Member’s
Credit Card Account.
“Terms and Conditions” means the Terms and Conditions set out herein and by which the use
of the Credit Cards shall be governed and shall include all modifi cations and supplementals
thereto from time to time.
“We”, “our”, “us”, “Amex” and “American Express” mean American Express International,
Inc. “You” and “Your” means the American Express Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Basic
Credit Card Member or where appropriate, the Supplementary Credit Card Member(s).
The headings in these Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and shall
not aff ect the interpretation of the provisions in these Terms and Conditions.
Unless the context otherwise requires or permits, references to the singular
number shall include references to the plural number and vice versa and
references to natural persons shall include bodies corporate.
2. USE OF THE CREDIT CARD You must (i) sign the Credit Card issued to you in ink as soon
as you receive it and before you use it; (ii) keep any PIN secret and separate from the Credit
Card; (iii) only use the Credit Card within the validity dates shown on its face; (iv) not give the
Credit Card or your Account number to others or allow them to use it for Charges, identifi cation
or any other purpose. If you do so, you will be liable for all Charges incurred on the Credit
Card as a result; (v) not return any goods, tickets or services obtained with the Credit Card
for a cash refund, but you may return them to an Establishment for credit to your Account,
if that Establishment agrees or is obliged to do so; (vi) not obtain credit to your Account
for any reason other than as a refund for goods or services previously purchased with the
Credit Card; (vii) not use the Credit Card if a petition for your bankruptcy has been fi led,
unless the petition is withdrawn, or if you do not honestly expect to be able to make the
minimum required repayment in full on receipt of your monthly statement; (viii) not use the
Credit Card for any unlawful purchase.
3. LIABILITY If you are the Basic Credit Card Member, you are liable to us for all Charges
on the Basic Credit Card and any Supplementary Credit Card(s) issued at your request; and
you agree that all these Credit Card(s) will be used in a manner consistent with these Terms
and Conditions. If you are a Supplementary Credit Card Member, you agree to use each
Supplementary Credit Card bearing your name in a manner consistent with these Termsand Conditions and you will be jointly and severally liable with the Basic Credit Card Member
for all Charges made in connection with the Supplementary Credit Card. All communication
sent or given to the Basic Credit Card Member or the Supplementary Credit Card Member is
deemed to be sent or given to both. We have the right to appropriate all payments made by
you in the manner we deem fi t, notwithstanding any instructions given to us at the time of
such payment. In the event that we receive contradicting instructions from the Basic Credit
Card Member and the Supplementary Credit Card Member(s), we may, in the exercise of our
discretion, then only act on the instructions of the Basic Credit Card Member.
4. CREDIT LIMIT We will determine your Credit Limit in respect of each Account.
We may revise any of your Credit Limit(s) at our discretion without prior notice, and you will
be informed of this. Your Credit Limit will also be shown on your monthly statement together
with the amount of available credit at the statement closing date. You must not exceed the
Credit Limit. Your Credit Limit will be cancelled if your Account is cancelled. If you fail to settle
the minimum payment due on or before the payment due date, American Express reserves
the right to revise the Credit Limit. You will not be entitled to interest on credit balances on
your Account. If you have more than one Card issued by American Express, the Credit Limit
is a combined Credit Limit for all the Card Accounts and the total indebtedness on the Card
Accounts must not exceed the Credit Limit. If your total indebtedness exceeds the Credit
Limit, you must make immediate payment of any excess above the Credit Limit.
5. EXPRESS CASH If you wish to obtain Cash Advances with the Credit Card,
you may apply for enrolment in the Express Cash facility. To do so you must complete
and submit an enrolment form. We may decline your application at our discretion.
A PIN will be required to obtain Cash Advances with the Credit Card. You may access up to
100% of your Credit Limit by way of Cash Advances, subject to your available Credit Limit
and such terms and conditions applicable to Express Cash transactions. We may vary that
percentage from time to time. The applicable interest rate, handling charges, transaction
charges and other terms and conditions for Express Cash transactions will be communicated
to you.
6. ANNUAL FEE Annual fees are payable for use of the Basic Credit Card and each
Supplementary Credit Card at such rates as we communicate to you from time to time. Any
fee reductions or waivers which may be off ered by us from time to time may be withdrawn or
restricted by us at any time.
7. GST You shall be solely responsible for any GST, including any tax of a similar nature that
may be substituted for it or levied in addition to it chargeable by law on any payment we are
required by law to collect and pay in respect of such GST.
8. INTEREST (i) You must pay interest on each Charge at the annual percentage
rate shown on your statement from the date it is debited to your Account until it is
fully repaid, except where an interest free period applies under (ii) below. (ii) Interest
is not payable on a Charge (other than a Cash Advance or Balance Transfer) if –
you paid the full Closing Balance on your previous monthly statement by the
minimum payment due date; and – you also pay the full Closing Balance on your
current monthly statement by the minimum payment due date. (iii) Interest,
if payable, is calculated by multiplying – the daily balance of Charges on which
interest is payable; by the daily percentage rate (annual percentage rate divided
by 360); and then – adding up the daily interest charges for the applicable period.
(iv) Interest, if payable, is debited to your Account on the last date of each statement period
and is shown on your statement.
9. VARIATION OF INTERESTS, FEES AND CHARGES We are entitled, due to changes in
the business, legal and/or competitive environment and at our absolute discretion, to vary
or determine at any time and from time to time the amounts, rates, types and/or basis of
calculation of all interests, fees and charges payable by you herein. Any changes of interests,
fees and charges may be contained in the statement and shall be eff ective from such date
as we may specify. We may debit to your Account and/or request that you pay the same on
demand as we deem fi t.
10. MONTHLY STATEMENT We will send you a statement once a month for each billing
period during which there is any activity or a balance outstanding on your Account. The
statement will identify Purchases, Cash Advances, Balance Transfer transactions, fees and all
other Charges, payments and credits to your Account during the billing period. The statement
will also disclose to you the interest charge, statement date, opening balance, new Charges,
credits, Closing Balance, Credit Limit, available Credit Limit at statement date, Payment Due
Date and minimum payment. The time between successive monthly statements will vary
depending upon the number of business days in the month. You agree to notify us in writing
of any omission from or error on the statement within 22 days of the date of the statement.
If you do not do so, the statement shall be conclusive and binding on you.
11. MINIMUM PAYMENT (i) The monthly statement will show the minimum payment
you need to pay us which will be 3% of the outstanding balance plus the total sum of any
overdue minimum payment and late payment charges, and any amount exceeding your
Credit Limit, or S$50 whichever is greater (ii) The minimum payment is due and payable by
you to us on or before the Payment Due Date. Payment takes place only when we receive
it and credit it to your Account - not when you send it. (iii) You will be required to pay
us immediately if your Account is overdue or you exceed your Credit Limit. The amount
you must pay will be notifi ed on your statement. (iv) You may pay more than the minimum
amount due, pay us before the Payment Due Date, pay us more than once during the
billing period or pay the balance outstanding on your Account at any time. (v) You must
always pay us in Singapore Dollars via the payment methods notifi ed by us to you. You
may also authorise your fi nancial institution to debit directly from your account with them
the total amount of the minimum payment due in the monthly statement (”Direct Debit”).If you select Direct Debit, we will advise you of the terms and conditions governing
its operation. (vi) If we decide to accept payment in another currency, we shall
convert your payment to Singapore Dollars at our rate and credit it to your Account.
(vii) If we receive a draft or other payment instrument from or for you that is not honoured
in full, you agree to pay us the dishonoured amount plus any reasonable collection costs and
legal fees we incur. If you pay us through Direct Debit and our debit to your account with a
fi nancial institution is not honoured in full, you agree to pay us the dishonoured amount plus
any reasonable collection costs and legal fees incurred by us. We may charge a handling fee
for any dishonoured payment order.
12. LATE PAYMENT CHARGE If we do not receive payment of the minimum payment due
shown on the monthly statement by the Payment Due Date, we reserve the right to impose a
late payment charge of S$100 per month or any other rate as may be determined by us and
notifi ed to you from time to time.
13. SUSPENSION/TERMINATION (i) BY YOU: You can terminate this Agreement at any time
by giving us written notice and returning to us all Credit Cards issued for use on the Account.
Termination will only be eff ective when we receive all such Credit Cards and payment of all
amounts outstanding in respect of the Account. You can cancel the use of a Credit Card by
Supplementary Credit Card Member by notifying us in writing but you will remain liable for all
Charges incurred by the Supplementary Credit Card Member. (ii) BY US: We can suspend the
use of any Credit Card or terminate this Agreement at any time without having to give any
reason or notice. Where we terminate the Agreement all monies outstanding on the Account
(including Charges or Cash Advances not yet debited) will become due and payable immediately
and you shall pay default interest thereon at the annual percentage rate shown on your
statement or at such other rate as may be determined by us from time to time, from the date of
termination until full payment. We may inform Establishments of cancelled Credit Cards. If the
Credit Card is cancelled you must cut it in half and return both halves to us at once. You must
hand it over to any Establishment that so requests or to any third party nominated by us. You
agree not to use the Credit Card after it has been cancelled.
14. AUTHORISATION Certain charges may need to be authorised by us before they
will be accepted by an Establishment. We have the right to refuse authorisation for
any Charge, Cash Advance or Balance Transfer transactions without giving any reason
or prior notice notwithstanding that the Credit Limit has not been exceeded and
we shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damage resulting from
such refusal. When we give an Establishment permission to charge your Account,
we assume the transaction will take place and therefore reduce the Credit Limit on your
Account by the sum authorised.
15. FOREIGN EXCHANGE CHARGES If we receive a transaction or refund for processing in
a currency other than Singapore Dollars (“Foreign Charge”), our currency conversion affi liate,
AE Exposure Management Limited (“AEEML”) will convert it into US Dollars fi rst (unless it was
submitted to us in US Dollars) and convert it from US Dollars into Singapore Dollars. The
conversion will take place on the date the Foreign Charge is processed by American Express,
which may not be the same date on which the Foreign Charge was made as it depends on
when the Foreign Charge was submitted to American Express. Exchange rate fl uctuations can
be signifi cant.
The exchange rate AEEML uses, which is called the “American Express Exchange Rate”, will
be:
• the rate required by applicable law or used as a matter of local custom or convention in
the territory where the transaction or refund is made (in which case AEEML will look to be
consistent with that custom or convention), or where this doesn’t apply;
• based on interbank rates selected from customary industry sources on the business day
prior to the processing date.
We will increase the Foreign Charge by a single conversion commission of 3.25%.
The American Express Exchange Rate is set each day from Monday to Friday including public
holidays except for Christmas Day and New Year’s Day.
You acknowledge that any refund of a Foreign Charge may be diff erent to the Foreign Charge
amount originally processed on your Card Account. The diff erence is generally because:
a) the refund and Foreign Charge may be processed on diff erent days with diff erent rates;
b) the refund may be only a partial refund for the Foreign Charge; or
c) where third parties convert charges in foreign currency, those third parties may treat
refunds diff erently to the original foreign currency charge.
When making a transaction in foreign currency, you may be given the option to allow a
third party (for example, the retailer) to convert the transaction into Singapore Dollars before
submitting it to us. If you decide to do this, then that third party will determine the exchange
rate and any commission or fees payable for the currency conversion and submit that
transaction to us in Singapore Dollars, meaning we will not convert the transaction or apply
a currency conversion fee. It is your decision whether to use such third party currency
conversion or not and in such cases, you should check the fees and charges before completing
the transaction to ensure that you do not pay more than necessary.
16. DISCLOSURE OF INSURANCE ARRANGEMENTS We identify insurance providers
and products that may be of interest to some of our customers. In this role we do not act
as an agent or fi duciary for you, and we may act on behalf of the insurance provider, as
permitted by law. We want you to be aware that we receive commissions from providers and
commissions may vary by provider and product. Also, in some cases, an American Express
entity may be the reinsurer and may earn reinsurance income. The arrangements we havewith certain providers, including the potential to reinsure products, may also infl uence what
products we identify. We do not require you to purchase any insurance product, and you may
choose to cover your insurance needs from other sources on terms they may make available
to you.
17. LOST, STOLEN OR MISUSED CREDIT CARDS You agree to notify us,
by telephone or otherwise, immediately if the Credit Card is lost, stolen, mutilated,
not received when due or if you suspect that the Credit Card is being used without your
permission. You shall be liable for any unauthorised use of the Credit Card to the extent
permitted by law. You shall not be liable for any unauthorised Charges made after you have
given notice to us, and your liability for unauthorised Charges eff ected before such notice shall
be limited to S$100 or the equivalent thereof provided that you have acted in good faith and
with reasonable care and diligence in safeguarding the Credit Card and in promptly notifying
us. We may also require you to lodge a police report and furnish us with a copy thereof. The
retrieval of the original Credit Card must immediately be reported to us and it must be cut in
half and the pieces returned to us.
18. CHANGE OF PARTICULARS You must notify us immediately of any change(s) in your
name, address and contact numbers.
19. BILLING ERRORS OR ENQUIRIES/PROBLEMS WITH GOODS OR PURCHASES
If you have a problem with your monthly statement, please contact us at once
and we will take reasonable steps to assist you by providing such information
as may be necessary in relation to Charges charged to your Account. We may
charge a reasonable administrative fee for statement reprints or duplicate
Record of Charge forms. If an Establishment issues a credit slip in respect of
a Charge, we will, upon receipt, credit the amount shown on that credit slip to
the Credit Card Account.
No dispute with or claim against an Establishment shall entitle you to any right
of set-off or counterclaim against us. We shall not be liable to you for goods or
services supplied by any Establishment, or the quality or performance of any goods or
services, charged with the Credit Card or if an Establishment refuses to accept the Credit
Card. You must raise any claim or dispute directly with the Establishment concerned and,
subject to any law to the contrary, you are not entitled to withhold payment from us because
of such claim or dispute.
20. RENEWAL/REPLACEMENT/ADDITIONAL CARDS The Credit Card will be valid until
the expiration date printed on the face of the Credit Card. It is understood and agreed that
you are requesting us to issue to you a renewal, replacement or additional card (including any
new card(s) from us on such terms and conditions that will be provided to you for acceptance)
before the current Credit Card expires or is cancelled by us. If you are the Basic Credit Card
Member, you are also requesting us to issue to any Supplementary Credit Card Member(s)
renewal, replacement or additional supplementary card(s) (including any new supplementary
card(s) from us on such terms and conditions that will be provided to you and/or the
Supplementary Credit Card Member(s) for acceptance) before the current Supplementary
Credit Card(s) expire or are cancelled by us. We will bill renewal fees for the Account annually.
We will continue to issue renewal or replacement Credit Cards and Supplementary Credit
Card(s) unless any of the events in Clause 13 above occurs. We retain the right to refuse to
issue and/or suspend dispatch of renewal, replacement or additional cards at our discretion.
21. EXCHANGE CONTROLS AND TAX You must comply with any and all applicable
exchange control and tax laws and regulations aff ected by the use of the Credit Card, and you
agree to indemnify us against any consequences of your failure to comply with these laws and
regulations.
22. DATA PROTECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA
22.1 Disclosure of Personal Information
You agree that any information provided in the application form, at our request or otherwise
collected, including information relating to your Supplementary Card Members, during the
operation of your Account (“Personal Information”) and any data derived from your Personal
Information may be disclosed to: (i) companies within the worldwide American Express
group of companies (“Amex Group companies”); (ii) third parties who process transactions
submitted by merchants on the American Express network where you use the Card worldwide;
(iii) processors and suppliers we or Amex Group companies may engage; (iv) the providers of
services and benefi ts associated with your Account; (v) consumer credit bureaus, collection
agencies and lawyers; (vi) parties who accept the Card in payment for goods and/or services
purchased by you; (vii) parties who distribute the card; (viii) Singapore Airlines Limited, the co-
branded partner of Amex set out in the Terms and Conditions governing use of your Account;
(ix) banks, fi nancial institutions, government agencies, statutory boards or authorities in
Singapore or elsewhere; (x) anyone to whom we may transfer contractual rights; and (xi) any
other party approved by you or to whom you have given your consent or to whom we consider
it in our interests to make such disclosure.
22.2 Use of Information
We may use your Personal Information, including in aggregated form or combined with
other information for any of the following purposes: (i) Delivering our products and services
to you, and for the avoidance of doubt, this includes the management and operation of
your Account and delivery of products, services and benefi ts by Singapore Airlines Limited
associated with your Account including but not limited to the award of KrisFlyer miles to
your KrisFlyer account; (ii) Improving our products and services and to conduct research and
analysis; (iii) For marketing purposes where you have provided your consent to us for the
same, and with such consent, we (including our affi liates and related corporations and their
employees and agents) and our third party service providers may be sending and providing
you with marketing information and/or documents relating to products, services and/orevents that we or third party organizations we collaborate with, may be selling, marketing,
off ering, organizing, involved in or promoting, whether existing now or created in the future;
(iv) Managing risks relating to our business, including credit risk, fraud risk and operational
risk.
Your data may also be used for other purposes for which you give your specifi c permission,
or when required by law, or where permitted under the terms of the Personal Data Protection
Act 2012.
Singapore Airlines Limited may use your Personal Information in accordance with its Privacy
Policy available at go.amex/siaprivacy (or such successor website made available from time
to time).
In particular, you agree that your Personal Information (which includes your identity,
information provided during application and your transaction pattern data (your spend and
purchase frequency patterns may be included in such data)) may be used by Singapore
Airlines Limited for the purposes of performing data analytics, market research and marketing.
However, we are not responsible for any marketing performed by Singapore Airlines Limited,
including obtaining your consent for Singapore Airlines Limited to send marketing off ers to
you. If you wish to withdraw your consent to your Personal Information being disclosed to
and used by Singapore Airlines Limited for the purposes described in this sub-paragraph,
please make such request in writing to the Data Privacy Offi cer at the address set out in
paragraph 22.10.
22.3 Supplementary Card Members
Where we have been asked to issue a Supplementary Card: (i) you consent to us disclosing to
the Supplementary Card Member details about the status of your Account including details of
transactions, the outstanding balance and details of any overdue payments; (ii) you consent
to the Supplementary Card Member providing us with Personal Information about you for
additional identity authentication purposes, to register for on-line services and to access
enhanced and new services; and (iii) Supplementary Card Members will not be permitted to
change any of your Personal Information without your express consent.
22.4 Third Party Consents
Where you provide us with information relating to a third party (including Supplementary
Card Members), or where you purchase goods and/or services on behalf of a third party, you
confi rm and warrant that you have informed and obtained consent, if necessary, of that third
party to the processing of his or her information by American Express (and where relevant,
other parties) in accordance with this paragraph 22. In respect of Supplementary Card
Members, this may include the use of his or her details for marketing purposes or disclosure
for the purposes set out in detail in the Consumer Credit Bureau section below.
22.5 Marketing
Where you have given consent to receive marketing off ers from us, we (including our affi liates
and related corporations and their employees and agents) and our third party service providers
may be sending and providing you with marketing information and/or documents relating to
products, services and/or events that we or third party organizations we collaborate with,
may be selling, marketing, off ering, organizing, involved in or promoting, whether existing now
or created in the future, by (a) telephone/voice calls and by SMS (text messages); and (b)
postal mail and e-mail; and (c) way of the internet or using other electronic means. You agree
that your consent, if given, will remain in place until you withdraw it.
If you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent previously provided to us to send you
marketing information or documents, you may do so by going to americanexpress.com.sg/
mychoice to update your privacy preferences at any time. We will also, from time to time,
contact you to ensure that the information we hold about your marketing preferences is up
to date.
22.6 Consumer Credit Bureau
We will exchange your Personal Information with consumer credit bureaus and carry out credit
checks and other assessments. We may inform the bureaus of the current balance on your
Account and we may tell them if you do not make payments when due. They will record this
information and may share this with other organisations in accordance with their legal powers
and obligations.
22.7 Electronic or Telephone Communication
If you contact us by any electronic means, we may record the telephone number or internet
protocol address, associated with that means of contacting us at the time. We may also
monitor and/or record telephone calls between us to assure the quality of our customer
service.
22.8 International Transfer of Data
Your Personal Information may be processed, accessed or disclosed (in accordance with this
paragraph 22) in countries outside Singapore when you travel or make foreign purchases
and for the purpose of administering your Account. In such cases, we will take appropriate
steps to ensure the same level of protection for your information in other countries outside
Singapore.
22.9 Retention of Information
We keep Personal Information for the purposes described in this paragraph 22 for as long as
is appropriate to fulfi ll our legal obligations in accordance with applicable law.
22.10 Access and Correction
You are entitled at any time to request access to information held by us about you or your
Account and to update and correct such information. You agree that Amex may impose
a modest charge to cover the costs of complying with such requests. Please make suchrequests in writing to the Data Privacy Offi cer, American Express International Inc.,
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00 One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.
23. INSTALMENT GOODS AND SERVICES If you use the Credit Card to buy goods or
services, such as insurance, requiring recurring or instalment payments, you authorise us to
pay such instalments for you when due and you agree to pay us for the same when we bill you.
You must tell us in writing if you no longer wish us to pay premiums or instalments for you.
If your Credit Card Account or the Credit Card is suspended or cancelled we will stop paying
premiums or instalments for you.
24. OUR PROPERTY Although for your use, all Credit Cards remain our property at all times.
This means you must return the Credit Card to us if we should so request. The revocation,
repossession or request for the return of the Credit Card is not, and shall not constitute any
refl ection on your character or creditworthiness and we shall not be liable in any way for any
statement made by any person requesting the return or surrender of the Credit Card.
25. OUR LIABILITY We are not liable in any way to you for any inconvenience, embarrassment,
loss, damage (including but not limiting to consequential loss or special damage), cost or
expense of any nature suff ered or incurred by you or by any other person in respect of or in
connection with the Credit Card and/or this Agreement. We are also not liable if we are unable
to perform our obligations under this Agreement due directly or indirectly to the malfunction
or failure of any machine or communication system or transmission link or any automated
teller machine, defect or damage of the Credit Card, industrial dispute, war, Act of God or
anything beyond our control or the control of our servants or agents. If we are unable to
produce or send a statement to you for any reason whatsoever, we are not liable to you in any
way and your liabilities and obligations under this Agreement will not be prejudiced and will
continue to accrue.
26. CHANGING, AMENDING AND ADDING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS We
have the right to change or amend these Terms and Conditions or add new terms and
conditions at any time due to changes in the business, legal and/or competitive environment.
Any such changes or amendments or additions will become eff ective and binding on you upon
notifi cation to you by any means as we deem fi t. If you do not accept any such changes or
amendments or additions to these Terms and Conditions, you may cancel the Credit Card by
cutting it in half and returning both halves to us. You will still be liable for all Charges incurred
and all other obligations under these Terms and Conditions until the Account is repaid in full.
27. NOTICES We shall be entitled to send any notice to you by electronic mail, short message
service (“SMS”), facsimile transmission, personal delivery or ordinary post to your address
last known to us. Any notice as sent by us shall be deemed to be received by you (if sent by
facsimile transmission or personal delivery) on the day of despatch or (if sent by electronic
mail or SMS) when left at the last email address or telephone number known to us, or 1 day
immediately after the date of posting if sent by ordinary post addressed to your last known
address.
28. NO WAIVER OF OUR RIGHTS No forbearance, delay or failure on our part to exercise
any power or right under any of these Terms and Conditions shall operate as a waiver of such
power or right, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such power or right preclude any
further exercise of that or any other power or right.
29. ASSIGNMENT We may assign any of our rights under these Terms and Conditions or the
Accounts at any time without your consent to our parent, a subsidiary, a related company or
an associate company in Singapore or elsewhere.
30. GOVERNING LAW (a) These Terms and Conditions are governed by Singapore law.
All Credit Card Members submit themselves to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
of Singapore. (b) We may serve any legal or court document including any writ, statutory
demand, bankruptcy application or any legal, enforcement or bankruptcy process in respect
of any claim, action or proceeding by leaving it at, or sending it by ordinary post to your last
known address, or sending it electronically to your last known email address or via any mobile
phone or devices or other messaging services. These documents and/or messages would
then be deemed to have been properly served on you on the date of delivery if it is delivered by
hand, or on the date immediately after the date of posting if it is sent by post (notwithstanding
that it may be returned to us undelivered) or on the date of sending if it is sent electronically
or digitally. Service of legal process in the aforesaid manner shall be deemed to be good and
eff ective service of such legal process on you even if the documents including electronic mails
and/or messages are not received by you or subsequently returned undelivered. Nothing in
this clause shall aff ect our right to serve any legal or court document in any other manner
permitted by law.
31. RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES Except by a person who is our assignee pursuant
to Clause 29 above, a person who is not a party to this Agreement shall not enforce
any of these Terms and Conditions under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties)
Act 2001.
32. INDEMNITY You must indemnify and keep us fully indemnifi ed against all claims,
demands, actions and proceedings which may be made against us and in respect of any and
all damages, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including legal costs on a full indemnity
basis) which may be incurred, sustained or suff ered by us, directly or indirectly, due to the use
or misuse of the Credit Card(s), negligence, misconduct or breach of any of these Terms and
Conditions on your part and/or any other act, thing or matter arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement.
33. OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS The use of any Credit Card is also subject to other
Terms and Conditions governing the use of other facilities or benefi ts which may from time to
time be made available.62/10
E835163IS
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00 One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.
americanexpress.com.sg. Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
Registered Trademark of American Express Company.
© Copyright 2026 American Express Company.Important Information on your
American Express® Card
1. Cardmember Agreement
The Cardmember Agreement for this Card (as may be amended, substituted
or supplemented by us from time to time) shall govern the use of your
Card Account. A copy of the prevailing Cardmember Agreement is made
available on the American Express website. In the event of any inconsistency
between the information in this leafl et and the Cardmember Agreement, the
Cardmember Agreement shall prevail.
2. Finance Charges for Purchases
If payment of the closing balance in your statement is not made in full by the
relevant payment due date, a fi nance charge at the applicable interest rate of
27.80% p.a. (subject to compounding) will be levied from each transaction
date on all charges in the statement and all new charges posted after the
statement date. Please refer to Cardmember Agreement for the basis of
interest computation.
3. Annual Membership Fees (inclusive of GST)
TYPE OF CARD BASIC SUPPLEMENTARY
American Express® S$397.85 S$81.75 each
Singapore Airlines
KrisFlyer Ascend
Credit Card
4. Retrieval Fee for Documents
A retrieval fee of S$10 will apply for retrieval of your statement of Account
and S$5 for retrieval of your record of charge.
5. Service Charge for Returned GIRO
An administrative fee of S$50 will be charged for any returned GIRO
arrangement.
6. KrisFlyer Miles Accrual
Except for promotional offers, bonus programmes and Affinity
Cards with certain professional associations, every Card Member
enrolled in the Programme will accrue KrisFlyer miles in the
Programme Account on goods and services, charged and billed
on the Card Account and Linked Accounts (if any).
KrisFlyer miles will not be accrued for non-eligible purchases or transactions.
Please visit go.amex/sgexclusions for a full list of non-eligible purchases or
transactions, which is non-exhaustive and is subject to changes from time to
time
USEFUL INFORMATION
1. Credit Card Interest Rate Policy
This is American Express’ policy about how we adjust Credit Card interest
rates based on your payment history. Under this policy, in the event we do not
receive from you the minimum payment amount due on your statement of
account by the relevant payment due date, you will be in default.
If you have three or more defaults in the last 12 months, we may adjust the
interest rate applicable to your Card Account by an additional 3% p.a. on top
of prevailing interest (subject to compounding).
This higher interest rate will be in eff ect for 12 consecutive months. During
this period, if you maintain a good credit record and your Card Account is not
cancelled or terminated, your interest rate may be reinstated to our prevailing
base interest rate.
2. Repayment Grace Period
The repayment grace period is 22 days from the date of the Statement of
Account.
3. Express Cash Charges
A handling fee of 5% of your withdrawal amount will apply for each
withdrawal amount. Financial charges at 26.90% p.a. will be charged
upon the withdrawal date until the withdrawal amount and the relevant
fees are paid in full.4. Minimum Monthly Payment
The minimum payment amount due on a statement of Account is 3%
of the outstanding balance plus the total sum of any overdue
minimum payment and late payment charges, and any amount
exceeding your Credit limit, or S$50, whichever is greater.
5. Late Payment Charges
A late payment fee of S$100 per month will be charged if the minimum
payment is not received by the due date.
6. Lost/Stolen Card Liability
Please notify us immediately on the loss of your American Express
Card. You shall not be liable for any unauthorised charges made
after you have given due notifi cation to us, provided that neither
you nor any Supplementary Card Member contributed to, or was
involved in or benefi ted from the loss, theft or misuse of the Card.
Your liability for unauthorised Charges eff ected before such notice
shall be limited to S$100.
7. Foreign Exchange Charges
If we receive a transaction or refund for processing in a currency other
than Singapore Dollars (“Foreign Charge”), our currency conversion
affiliate, AE Exposure Management Limited (“AEEML”) will convert it into
US Dollars first (unless it was submitted to us in US Dollars) and convert
it from US Dollars into Singapore Dollars. The conversion will take place
on the date the Foreign Charge is processed by American Express, which
may not be the same date on which the Foreign Charge was made as
it depends on when the Foreign Charge was submitted to American
Express. Exchange rate fluctuations can be significant.
The exchange rate AEEML uses, which is called the “American Express
Exchange Rate”, will be:
• the rate required by applicable law or used as a matter of local custom
or convention in the territory where the transaction or refund is made
(in which case AEEML will look to be consistent with that custom or
convention), or where this doesn’t apply;
• based on interbank rates selected from customary industry sources on the
business day prior to the processing date.
We will increase the Foreign Charge by a single conversion commission of
3.25%.
The American Express Exchange Rate is set each day from Monday to Friday
including public holidays except for Christmas Day and New Year’s Day.
You acknowledge that any refund of a Foreign Charge may be diff erent to
the Foreign Charge amount originally processed on your Card Account. The
diff erence is generally because:
a)the refund and Foreign Charge may be processed on diff erent days with
diff erent rates;
b) the refund may be only a partial refund for the Foreign Charge; or
c) where third parties convert charges in foreign currency, those third parties
may treat refunds diff erently to the original foreign currency charge.
When making a transaction in foreign currency, you may be given the option
to allow a third party (for example, the retailer) to convert the transaction
into Singapore Dollars before submitting it to us. If you decide to do this,
then that third party will determine the exchange rate and any commission
or fees payable for the currency conversion and submit that transaction to
us in Singapore Dollars, meaning we will not convert the transaction or apply
a currency conversion fee. It is your decision whether to use such third party
currency conversion or not and in such cases, you should check the fees and
charges before completing the transaction to ensure that you do not pay
more than necessary.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00 One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.
americanexpress.com.sg. Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company.
© Copyright 2026 American Express Company.
SG750956E
01/26The American Express® Singapore Airlines
Product name
KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card
Interest-free
22 days from statement date if bills are paid in full
period
27.80% p.a. compounded if payment of the
Interest on
closing balance in your statements is not made
purchases
in full; or 3% p.a. on top of prevailing interest in
(where
the event that your account has three or more
applicable)
defaults¹ in the last 12 months
26.90% p.a. compounded daily from date of
Interest on
withdrawal until the withdrawal amount and the
cash advances
relevant fees are paid in full
Minimum
monthly 3% or S$50, whichever is higher
payment
Late payment S$100 if minimum monthly payment is not made
charges by due date
Annual
S$397.85 (inclusive of GST)
Membership fee
Cash advance Handling fee of 5% of your withdrawal amount will
fee apply for each withdrawal amount
Fees for foreign
currency 3.25%
transactions
Dynamic
currency N.A.
conversion fee
S$100 (For details, refer to clause 9 of ABS Guide
Lost / stolen
on “What You Should Know About Credit Cards”
card liability
at go.amex/absguide)
Monthly Paper
S$1.09
Statement Fee
Please refer to go.amex/statementfee for the full
(Inclusive of
Terms and Conditions of Paper Statement Fees.
GST)
There may be circumstances in which you have to pay other fees.
For detailed Card Member Agreement and full Terms and Conditions,
please visit go.amex/ascendterms. For important information about
the use of credit cards, please visit go.amex/absguide.
Note:
1. You are in default if minimum payment is not received by us on the payment due date stated on your monthly
statement.
American Express International Inc. (UEN S68FC1878J)
1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00 One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.
americanexpress.com.sg. Incorporated with Limited Liability in the State of Delaware, U.S.A.
® Registered Trademark of American Express Company.
© Copyright 2026 American Express Company.
SG754960E
01/26