CITIBANK M1 PLATINUM VISA
INFORMATION SHEET
This information is intended as a quick consumer guide only. For full
details, please read the Citibank M1 Platinum Visa Cardmember’s
Agreement, which prevails at all times.
CARDMEMBER’S AGREEMENT
For the Cardmember’s Agreement, visit www.citibank.com.sg.
Hardcopy is available upon request.
CARDMEMBER FEES (INCLUSIVE OF 9% GST)
Basic card annual fee : S$196.20
Supplementary card annual fee : S$98.10
CREDIT LIMIT
The credit limit shown is your combined credit limit effective across
all personal basic and supplementary cards held by you, including
your personal business card (if any).
REPAYMENT GRACE PERIOD
25 days from the date of the statement of account.
CASH ADVANCE CHARGES
A cash advance fee in respect of each cash advance you obtained
calculated at the rate of S$15 or 8% of the amount drawn, whichever
is higher.
PLUS
Interest charges will be calculated on a daily basis on the amount
withdrawn from the date of the cash advance until the date payment
is made in full.
INTEREST CHARGES FOR CARD TRANSACTIONS
(INCLUDING CASH ADVANCE)
The effective interest rate applicable on your account will be:
a. The prevailing retail interest rate of 27.9% per annum and cash
interest rate** of 27.9% per annum; or
b. A promotional retail interest rate of 21.9% per annum and cash
interest rate** of 21.9% per annum which may be extended based
on the good conduct of your account. This rate will be effective
after the next statement billing date following the payment due
date. Notwithstanding the above, Citibank reserves the right to
cancel/vary this promotional rate at any time (including if your
account becomes delinquent); or
c. A retail interest rate of 30.9% per annum and cash interest rate**
of 30.9% per annum in the event your account is past due* in the
current month. Citibank reserves the right to apply this interest
rate. This rate will be effective after the next statement billing date
following the payment due date and your interest rate will revert to
the prevailing product interest rate as soon as your account is no
longer past due* in the current and last two months.
If the interest accrued on the outstanding balance is less than S$3, a
minimum of S$3 will be charged.
* An account is considered past due if the minimum payment due is
not received in full before the payment due date.** Cash Interest Rate refers to the interest rate applied on
outstanding debit balances from Cash advance, Cash advance
fee, Quasi-cash transactions, Outstanding Balances pursuant to
the Balance Transfer Program after the expiry of the promotional
Tenure, and interest charges resulting from such transactions. The
retail interest rate refers to the interest rate applied on all other
outstanding balances.
If payment is not made in full by the payment due date, interest
charges will be calculated on a daily basis on all transactions in both
the current statement as well as next month’s statement from the
transaction date until the date full payment is received.
OVERLIMIT FEE
S$40 will be charged on the card with highest balance on the
statement billing date, if the total outstanding balance (including
unbilled balance) of all credit card(s) exceeds customer’s combined
credit limit on any day within the statement period.
BRANCH SERVICE FEE
Service fee of S$10.90 (inclusive of 9% GST) is charged (on a per
account basis) for each payment made to your Citi credit card
account(s) over the counter at Citibank branches.
TRANSACTIONS IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES AND TRANSACTIONS
PROCESSED OUTSIDE SINGAPORE
a. Foreign currency transactions
(i) Card transactions (including online and overseas
transactions) effected in US dollars and Australian dollar
will be converted into Singapore dollars. Card transactions
effected in foreign currencies other than US dollars and
Australian dollar will be converted to US dollars before being
converted into Singapore dollars. The conversion will take
place on the date on which the transaction is received and
recorded by us (“posting date”). The currency conversion
will be based on our prevailing foreign exchange rate or an
exchange rate determined by VISA depending on whether
the conversion is done by us or VISA.
(ii) In addition, the card transaction will be subject to the
following administrative fees on the converted Singapore
dollar amount:
(A) an administrative fee of up to 3.25% if processed by VISA
or such other rate(s) as determined by us and notified to
you.
b. Dynamic Currency Conversion
(i) If your card transaction (including online and overseas
transactions) is converted into Singapore dollars via dynamic
currency conversion (a service offered at certain ATMs
and merchants which allows a cardmember to convert a
transaction denominated in a foreign currency to Singapore
Dollars at the point of withdrawal/sale), you acknowledge
that the process of conversion and the exchange rates
applied will be determined by the relevant ATM operator,
merchant or dynamic currency conversion service provider, as
the case may be. You acknowledge that we do not determine
whether a card transaction will be converted into Singapore
dollars via dynamic currency conversion and, where your
card transaction is for a retail purchase, you may have to
check with the relevant merchant whether such conversion
was done.(ii) In addition, the card transaction will be subject to an
administrative fee of 1% levied by VISA on the converted
Singapore dollar amount if it is a VISA card transaction.
c. Singapore Dollars transactions processed outside Singapore
If the Singapore Dollars card transaction (including online
transactions) is effected:
(i) with a local merchant whose payments are processed
through an overseas intermediary; or
(ii) with a merchant who is registered as an overseas merchant
regardless of its actual location,
such card transaction will be subject to an administrative fee of
1% on the transaction amount if the card transaction is processed
by VISA.
This charges will be charged on card transactions including but
not limited to any VISA retail card transaction presented in foreign
currency that you choose to pay in Singapore Dollars at point-of-
sale via dynamic currency conversion or any online VISA retail card
transaction in Singapore Dollars which was processed outside
Singapore. You may have to check with the relevant merchant
whether such transaction was processed outside Singapore.
RIGHT OF APPROPRIATION
If you make payment to us without specifying which Citibank
account(s) your payment is intended for, Citibank will at its discretion
allocate such payment to any of your Citibank account(s) with
outstanding balances.
MINIMUM PAYMENT AND OVERLIMIT AMOUNT
Current Minimum Payment
Balance
S$0 to <S$50 Current Balance
>=S$50 The minimum payment amount is specified in
your statement of account and is computed by
taking greater of –
(a) (i) 1% of the current balance; plus
(ii) 1% of any outstanding unbilled
instalment amounts; plus
( iii) all interest charges (including interest
charged under our instalment plans); plus
( iv) all upfront service fees for our
instalment plans; plus
(v) late payment charges;
or
(b) S$50;
plus any overdue amounts.
The overlimit amount is the outstanding balance (including any
unbilled balances) in excess of customer’s combined credit card limit
and must be paid immediately. The overlimit amount is in addition to
the total minimum payment amount.LATE PAYMENT CHARGE
If the Minimum Payment Due is not received on or before the
Payment Due Date, a Late Payment Charge of S$100 will be levied.
LIABILITY FOR UNAUTHORIZED TRANSACTIONS
Please keep your Citibank credit card in a safe and secure place and
do not disclose your PIN to any third party. If your credit card is lost,
stolen or used by any third party or your PIN is disclosed to any third
party, you should immediately notify Citibank.
With effect from 1 November 2009, your liability for unauthorised
transactions on each credit card account is capped at S$100 provided
that Citibank is satisfied that you have (i) not been negligent, (ii) not
acted fraudulently and (iii) immediately notified Citibank about the
loss/theft/disclosure.
RETRIEVAL FEE
Requests for copies of sales drafts and statements are subject to the
following charges:
Sales Draft Charge (per copy)
- Current to 2 months old S$5.00
- Above 2 months to 1 year S$15.00
Statement of Account Charge (per copy)
- Current to 2 months old Free
- Above 2 months to 1 year S$15.00
- Above 1 year to 5 years S$30.00
- Beyond 5 years S$100.00
SERVICE CHARGE FOR INSUFFICIENT FUNDS
Returned check S$25.00
Rejected Direct Debit Authorization S$25.00
Use credit card wisely: www.citibank.com.sg/abscreditcard
Printed on Nov 2023. With effect from 1 Jan 2024.
All published information is correct and complete at the time of printing.
Citibank cannot assume responsibility for changes which occur after
printing.
©2023 Citibank
Citibank and Arc Design is service mark of Citicorp or Citibank, N.A.
Citibank is a registered service mark of Citicorp or Citibank N.A.
Co. Reg. No. 200309485K