Citi Prestige Card
Information Sheet
This information is intended as a quick consumer guide only. For
full details, please read the Citi Prestige Mastercard Cardmember’s
Agreement.
CARDMEMBER'S AGREEMENT
For Cardmember’s Agreement, visit
www.citibank.com.sg/citiprestige
Hardcopy is available upon request
CARDMEMBER FEES
Basic card annual fee: S$651.82 (Inclusive of 9% GST)
Supplementary card annual fee : Free
REPAYMENT GRACE PERIOD
25 days from the date of the statement of account.
CASH ADVANCE CHARGES
A cash advance fee in respect of each cash advance you obtained
calculated at the rate of S$15 or 8% of the amount drawn, whichever
is higher.
PLUS
Interest charges will be calculated on a daily basis on the amount
withdrawn from the date of the cash advance until the date payment
is made in full.
Cash advance fee is not applicable to Citi Prestige Card but interest
charges will apply.
INTEREST CHARGES FOR CARD TRANSACTIONS
(INCLUDING CASH ADVANCE)
The effective interest rate applicable on your account will be:
a. The prevailing retail interest rate of 27.9% per annum and
cash interest rate** of 27.9% per annum; or
b. A promotional retail interest rate of 21.9% per annum and
cash interest rate** of 21.9% per annum which may be
extended based on the good conduct of your account. This
rate will be effective after the next statement billing date
following the payment due date. Notwithstanding the above,
Citibank reserves the right to cancel/vary this promotional
rate at any time (including if your account becomes
delinquent); or
c. A retail interest rate of 30.9% per annum and cash interest
rate** of 30.9% per annum in the event your account is past
due* in the current month. Citibank reserves the right to
apply this interest rate. This rate will be effective after the
next statement billing date following the payment due date
and your interest rate will revert to the prevailing product
interest rate as soon as your account is no longer past due*
in the current and last two months.
1If the interest accrued on the outstanding balance is less than
S$3, a minimum of S$3 will be charged.
* An account is considered past due if the minimum payment
due is not received in full before the payment due date.
** Cash Interest Rate refers to the interest rate applied on
outstanding debit balances from Cash advance, Cash advance
fee, Quasi-cash transactions, Outstanding Balances pursuant
to the Balance Transfer Program after the expiry of the
promotional Tenure, and interest charges resulting from such
transactions. The retail interest rate refers to the interest rate
applied on all other outstanding balances.
If payment is not made in full by the payment due date, interest
charges will be calculated on a daily basis on all transactions in
both the current statement as well as next month's statement from
the transaction date until the date full payment is received.
RIGHT OF APPROPRIATION
If you make payment to us without specifying which Citibank
account(s) your payment is intended for, Citibank will at its
discretion allocate such payment to any of your Citibank
account(s) with outstanding balances.
GIRO/DIRECT DEBIT AUTHORISATION
Where you have given us a GIRO/Direct Debit Authorisation
instruction to debit your nominated account(s) with a
bank/finance company to pay the Total Minimum Payment in
respect of your Citibank Credit Card account(s), the Overlimit
Amount is not included in such instruction and so you should
arrange to pay the Overlimit Amount which is in addition to the
Total Minimum Payment.
OVERLIMIT FEE
S$40 will be charged on the card with highest balance on the
statement billing date, if the total outstanding balance (including
unbilled balance) of all credit card(s) exceeds customer’s combined
credit limit on any day within the statement period.
BRANCH SERVICE FEE
Service fee of S$10.90 (inclusive of 9% GST) is charged (on a per
account basis) for each payment made to your Citi credit card
account(s) over the counter at Citibank branches.
LATE PAYMENT CHARGE
If the Minimum Payment Due is not received on or before the
Payment Due date, a Late Payment Charge of S$100 will be levied.
2MINIMUM PAYMENT AMOUNT
C u r r e n t Minimum Payment
Balance
S$0 to <S$50 Current Balance
>=S$50 The minimum payment amount is specified
in your statement of account and is
computed by taking greater of –
(a) (i) 1% of the current balance; plus
(ii) 1% of any outstanding unbilled
instalment amounts; plus
(iii) all interest charges (including
interest charged under our
instalment plans); plus
(iv) all upfront service fees for our
instalment plans; plus
(v) late payment charges;
or
(b) S$50;
plus any overdue amounts.
OVERLIMIT AMOUNT
The overlimit amount is the outstanding balance (including any
unbilled balances) in excess of customer’s combined credit card
limit and must be paid immediately. The overlimit amount is in
addition to the total minimum payment amount.
TRANSACTIONS IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES AND
TRANSACTIONS PROCESSED OUTSIDE SINGAPORE
a. Foreign currency transactions
(i) Card transactions (including online and overseas
transactions) effected in US dollars will be converted into
Singapore dollars. Card transactions effected in foreign
currencies other than US dollars will be converted to US
dollars before being converted into Singapore dollars,
except for Australian dollars which will be converted into
Singapore dollars directly. The conversion will take place
on the date on which the transaction is received and
recorded by us ("posting date"). The currency conversion will
be based on our prevailing foreign exchange rate or an
exchange rate determined by Mastercard International
depending on whether the conversion is done by us or
Mastercard International.
(ii) In addition, the card transaction will be subject to an
administrative fee of up to 3.25% on the converted
Singapore dollar amount if processed by Mastercard
International or such other rate(s) determined by us and
notified to you.
b. Dynamic Currency Conversion
(i) If your card transaction (including online and overseas
transactions) is converted into Singapore dollars via
dynamic currency conversion (a service offered at certain
ATMs and merchants which allows a cardmember to
convert a transaction denominated in a foreign currency
3to Singapore Dollars at the point of withdrawal/sale), you
acknowledge that the process of conversion and the
exchange rates applied will be determined by the relevant
ATM operator, merchant or dynamic currency conversion
service provider, as the case may be. You acknowledge that
we do not determine whether a card transaction will be
converted into Singapore dollars via dynamic currency
conversion and, where your card transaction is for a retail
purchase, you may have to check with the relevant
merchant whether such conversion was done.
(ii) In addition, the card transaction will be subject to an
administrative fee of 1% levied by Mastercard International
on the converted Singapore dollar amount if it is a
Mastercard International transaction;
c. Singapore Dollars transactions processed outside Singapore
If the Singapore Dollars card transaction (including online
transactions) is effected:
(i) with a local merchant whose payments are processed
through an overseas intermediary; or
(ii) with a merchant who is registered as an overseas merchant
regardless of its actual location, such card transaction will
be subject to an administrative fee of 1% on the transaction
amount if the card transaction is processed by Mastercard
International.
This charges will be charged on card transactions including but
not limited to any Mastercard presented in foreign currency that
you choose to pay in Singapore Dollars at point-of-sale via
dynamic currency conversion or any online Mastercard transaction
in Singapore Dollars which was processed outside Singapore. You
may have to check with the relevant merchant whether such
transaction was processed outside Singapore.
RETRIEVAL FEE
Requests for copies of sales drafts and statements are subject to
the following charges:
Sales Draft: Charge per copy
Current to 2 months old S$5.00
Above 2 months to 1 year S$15.00
Statement of Account Charge per copy
Current to 2 months old Free
Above 2 months to 1 year S$15.00
Above 1 year to 5 years S$30.00
Beyond 5 years S$100.00
SERVICE CHARGE FOR INSUFFICIENT FUNDS
Returned check S$25.00
Rejected Direct Debit Authorization S$25.00
Printed on Apr 2025. With effect from 1 July 2025.
The information above is accurate as of April 2025 and is intended
as a quick consumer guide only. The information above is subject to
the Citibank Singapore Global Consumer Banking Terms and
Conditions, the Citibank Mastercard Cardmember’s Agreements
and Citibank’s pricing guide, which are available online at
www.citibank.com.sg/citiprestige. Copies of the same are also
available at any branch of Citibank upon request.
4