OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING OCBC INFINITY CASHBACK CARD
PROGRAMME
The OCBC INFINITY Cashback Card Programme (“Programme”) is a programme that offers
“Cashback” (as defined below) to all OCBC INFINITY Cashback Cardmembers
(“Cardmember” and, collectively, “Cardmembers”) pursuant to the Terms and Conditions set
out below.
These Terms and Conditions together with the terms of the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement,
as may be amended, modified, and supplemented by Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited (“OCBC Bank”) from time to time, shall govern and apply to the Programme. In the
event of any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and the OCBC
Cardmembers Agreement, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail in so far as they relate to
the Programme.
All terms and references used in these Terms and Conditions, and which are defined or
construed in the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement but are not defined or construed in these
Terms and Conditions shall have the same meaning and construction when used in these
Terms and Conditions.
Usage of the Card (as defined below) will be deemed acceptance by the Cardmember of these
Terms and Conditions of the Programme and the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement.
1. CASHBACK
1.1 Subject to Clauses 1.4 and 1.5, Cardmembers will earn 1.6% Cashback (“Cashback”) for
every S$1 spent on their OCBC INFINITY Cashback Card “Card”.
1.2 There is no minimum spending required for Cardmembers to earn Cashback.
1.3 There is no cap on the amount of Cashback that a Cardmember can earn each month.
1.4 Cashback is not awarded on the following:
1.4.1 All card fees and charges, card annual fees, membership fees, renewal fees,
Balance Transfer and charges incurred for any Balance Transfer facility, Cash-on-
Instalment facility and charges incurred for any Cash-on-Instalment facility, Instalment
Payment Plan, Extended Payment Plan, Income Tax payment, interest, late payment
charges, Goods and Services tax, Cash Advances, bill payments made via Internet
Banking, and other fees and charges.
1.4.2 Funds to prepaid accounts and merchants who are categorised as "payment d
e
service providers", which include (without limitation) EZ-Link, NETS FlashPay, eNETS,
tim
iL
n
SAM, Transit Link, AXS, GrabPay, Youtrip, Shopee Pay and Singtel Dash. The o ita
exclusions are not exhaustive and may be subject to changes from time to time.
ro
p
ro
C
g nW
ik
n a B
e
2
3 0 0 0
2
se 3
9
n1
ih
C
:.o
a e
sre
v
O
-N .g
e
R
.o
C
11.5 In addition, transactions made with the following Merchant Category Codes (“MCC”) will
not earn Cashback:
MCC Description
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4829 Wire Transfer Money Orders (WTMOs)
4900 Utilities–Electric, Gas, Heating Oil, Sanitary, Water
5047 Medical, Dental, Ophthalmic and Hospital Equipment and Supplies
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5960 Direct Marketing Insurance Services
5993 Cigars, Stores and Stands
6010 Member Financial Institution–Manual Cash Disbursements
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency, Non-
6051
Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting and Premiums
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers–Rentals
6540 Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Cleaning, Maintenance and Janitorial Services
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-
7995
Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Organizations, Charitable and Social Service
8651 Organizations, Political
8661 Organizations, Religious
8675 Automobile Associations
8699 Organizations, Membership–Not Elsewhere Classified (Labor Union)
9211 Court Costs Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
9402 Postal Services–Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases–Government Only
1.6 Cashback is applied on the sum of posted transactions in the calendar month, then
rounded to the nearest 2 decimal places. Any Cashback awarded will be reflected in the
2Billing Statement provided on a monthly basis. Such Cashback will be automatically offset
against that month’s billed amount.
1.7 Cashback earned will be credited into the Principal Cardmember’s Card Account in the
following month based on posted transactions. Cashback earned by a Supplementary
Cardmember will be credited to the Card Account of the Principal Cardmember.
1.8 We reserve the right to vary the percentage of the Cashback without notice.
1.9 Purchases charged to the Card but have yet to be posted to the Card Account by the end
of a calendar month shall not be taken into account in the computation of Cashback to be
awarded in that calendar month.
1.10 Refunded transactions will be deducted from the relevant billed amount taken into
consideration for the computation and award of Cashback. Any reversed portion of
Cashback will be reflected in the Billing Statement of the following month.
1.11 OCBC Bank reserves the right to revoke, deduct and/or recompute any Cashback
awarded in the event a Cardmember fails to effect due payment for the Card Transactions
and/or if the Card Account is closed or terminated by the Cardmember or OCBC Bank, as
the case may be.
1.12 The Cashback cannot be transferred, assigned or carried over to any other card issued
by OCBC Bank.
1.13 OCBC Bank reserves the right to replace the Cashback with another item or kind of
reward as we may determine without notice at any time or from time to time.
1.14 OCBC Bank reserves the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the
Cardmember to deduct, withdraw or cancel any Cashback awarded to you without liability.
Cardmember will not be entitled to any payment or compensation whatsoever in respect
of such deduction, withdrawal or cancellation.
1.15 The crediting of Cashback to Cardmember’s Card Account will be entirely at our
discretion and we shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage suffered or
incurred by any Cardmember in connection with the OCBC INFINITY Cashback Card.
1.16 All Cashback will be awarded in accordance with, among other things, the relevant
recognised universal merchant category codes designated by the relevant merchant. As
such, OCBC Bank shall not be liable in any way whatsoever to reward any Cashback or
compensate any Cardmember for any losses, liabilities, expenses or claims suffered or
incurred by any such Cardmember if a relevant merchant classifies its universal merchant
category code inaccurately and thereby causing the inability of OCBC Bank to reward any
Cashback to any Cardmember.
1.17 The main business activity of a merchant and any card transaction performed at
merchants are classified under MCCs assigned by Visa/Mastercard, which are
determined by the merchant and the merchant’s acquiring bank. The main business
activity of a merchant and the assigned MCC is not determined by OCBC Bank.
32. GENERAL
2.1 The benefits made available to Cardmembers pursuant to the terms of the Programme
are not exchangeable or refundable for cash, credit or kind.
2.2 OCBC Bank shall have the right to use agents, contractors or correspondents or any other
third party as it deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to administer and/or
implement the Programme and OCBC Bank shall not be liable to any person for any act,
omission or neglect on the part of such agents, contractors, correspondents or third parties.
2.3 OCBC Bank reserves the right to suspend, withdraw or terminate the Programme at any
time without notice. The decision of OCBC Bank on all matters relating to the Programme shall
be final, binding and conclusive on all Cardmembers, including without limitation, any decision
on the eligibility of any person to participate in the Programme.
2.4 OCBC Bank may at any time at its sole and absolute discretion, without notice or assigning
any reasons therefore, delete, vary, supplement, amend or modify the terms of the Programme
at any time. The Cardmembers are deemed to accept and are bound by such variations,
additions, deletions, amendments and/or modifications if the Cardmember do not terminate
the use of the Card.
2.5 In the event of any inconsistency between terms and conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional materials relating to Programme, the terms of the Programme as set
out herein shall prevail.
2.6 OCBC Bank assumes no responsibility for any of the contents found on third party
websites referred to in the terms and conditions of the Programme and shall not be held
responsible or liable for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use
of or reliance on any content, products or services available on such sites. OCBC Bank does
not have control of such websites and the reference to any such websites in these terms and
conditions does not mean that OCBC Bank endorses the material on such websites or has
any association with the owner thereof.
2.7 A person who is not a party to the terms and conditions of the Programme has no right
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any term or condition of the
Programme.
2.8 The terms of this Programme shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of Singapore, and the Cardmembers irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the Singapore courts.
Updated 18 August 2023
4