Terms and Conditions Governing UOB Absolute Cashback Card (“Terms”)
These Terms apply to your UOB Absolute Cashback Card issued by United Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”)
in Singapore (the “Card”).
1. Cashback
(i) Subject to Clause 1(iv) below, you will be eligible to earn cashback for transactions charged to your
Card (“Cashback”) at the following rates:
(a) 1.7% on all Local Card Transactions (as defined below) but excluding the Selected Local
Card Transactions (as defined below). For the avoidance of doubt, SimplyGo (ABT)
Transactions (as defined below) are eligible to earn 1.7% Cashback;
(b) 1.7% on all Overseas Card Transactions (as defined below) but, with effect from 4 September
2026, excluding the Selected Overseas Card Transactions (as defined below); and
(c) 0.3% on the following Local Card Transactions (the “Selected Local Card Transactions”)
and, with effect from 4 September 2026, the following Overseas Card Transactions (the
“Selected Overseas Card Transactions”):
- Grab mobile wallet top-up transactions which are Local Card Transactions or Overseas
Card Transactions (w.e.f. 4 September 2026); and
- Local Card Transactions or Overseas Card Transactions (w.e.f. 4 September 2026) with
the following MCC:
Merchant Category Description
Code (MCC)
7911 Schools, Dance Halls and Studios
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior
Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
9311 Tax Payment
9399 Government Services—not elsewhere classified
9402 Postal Services—Government Only
0742 Pet stores and Veterinary Services
5047 Medical Equipment and Supplies
5122 Drug Stores
5912 Drug Store and Pharmacies
5975 Medical Equipment, Hearing Aid
8011 Medical Services, Doctors
8021 Medical Services, Dentist and Orthodontist
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z8041 Medical Services, Chiropractors
8042 Medical Services, Optometrists and Ophthalmologist
8043 Medical Services, Opticians
8049 Medical Services, Chiropractors and Podiatrists
8062 Hospitals
8071 Medical Services, Dental Laboratories
8099 Medical and Health Services
4900 Utilities
8398 Organizations, Charitable and Social Service
6513 Real Estate Agents & Managers – Rentals
7261 Funeral Services and Crematories
7278 Shopping Services
7311 Advertising Services
7361 Employment Services and Agency
7392 Consulting and Public Relation Services
8999 Professional Services
(ii) For the purposes of these Terms:
(a) “Local Card Transactions” refers to retail transactions for the purchase of goods and/or
services at merchants located in Singapore which are successfully charged to your Card and
posted on UOB’s systems, and includes SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions.
(b) “Overseas Card Transactions” refers to retail transactions for the purchase of goods and/or
services at merchants located outside of Singapore which are successfully charged to your
Card and posted on UOB’s systems. For the avoidance of doubt, only transactions which are
processed outside of Singapore (whether via a payment gateway, processing system or
otherwise) shall constitute Overseas Card Transactions.
(c) “SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions” refers to payments for bus or train fares in Singapore which
are made by tapping or waving your Card against the reader on the bus or train, and made
using an Account Based Ticketing System which enables such payments to be charged
directly to your Card account.
(iii) All transactions must be successfully charged to your Card account and posted on the UOB’s
system in order to qualify for the Cashback.
(iv) The following transactions shall be excluded from the eligibility to earn any Cashback:
(a) all NETS and NETS-related transactions;
(b) Installment Payment Plans, SmartPay transactions (unless otherwise stated);
(c) cash advances;
(d) any fees and/or charges (including without limitation, late payment charges, interest
charges, annual or monthly fees or charges, service fees or processing fees) imposed by
UOB;
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z(e) personal loans, balance and/or fund transfers;
(f) any transaction that is subsequently cancelled, voided, refunded or reversed;
(g) amounts approved under the UOB Payment Facility and any associated fees or charges;
and
(h) amounts which have been rolled over from any preceding month’s statement.
UOB reserves the right at any time and from time to time at its sole and absolute discretion to vary
and/or amend the list of exclusions above for which Cashback will not be awarded without giving
any reason or prior notice or assuming any liability to you.
(v) There is no minimum spend required to receive Cashback.
(vi) There is no cap on the maximum amount of Cashback that you can earn.
(vii) The Cashback amount for each transaction category will be computed based on the total value of
all transactions in that category which are successfully charged to your Card and posted onto
UOB’s systems in a statement month as shown in your Card statement in respect of that statement
month, and will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places.
(viii) The Cashback earned for the current statement month will be credited into your Card account in
the following statement month in Singapore dollars.
(ix) The Cashback amount credited will be used to automatically offset the billed amount for your Card
account in your next statement month. The Cashback cannot be withdrawn as cash, cannot be
transferred to any other UOB credit card or debit card accounts or UOB accounts, and cannot be
used to offset any minimum payment due, late payment charge, interest charges or any other fees
imposed by UOB.
(x) A merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature of business. The MCCs
are assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. UOB does not determine the merchants’ MCC.
UOB shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating to the categorisation of a merchant’s MCC.
(xi) Transactions incurred by your supplementary holder of your Card will be consolidated under the
principal Card account.
(xii) In the event of any cancelled, disputed and/or reversed transactions, you will need to make
incremental spend to offset the reversed transaction amount in order to continue earning Cashback.
(xiii) Unused Cashback will be forfeited on (whichever earlier):
(a) UOB’s receipt of your request to terminate your Card; or
(b) the termination of your Card by UOB for any reason whatsoever.
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z(xiv) No replacement or compensation shall be made for forfeited Cashback. Any forfeited Cashback
cannot be transferred to any other UOB card account.
(xv) The Cashback is neither transferable nor exchangeable for cash (including any credit balance
refund), reward points, credit, goods and services, products or privileges or other kind in full or in
part and is not refundable or replaceable.
(xvi) The crediting of the Cashback amount by UOB does not constitute payment of any amount due on
your Card account (including any minimum payment amount due).
(xvii) Your Card account must be in good standing and conducted in a proper and satisfactory manner
as determined by UOB in its sole discretion in order to earn and receive the Cashback.
(xviii) UOB reserves all rights to (i) substitute the Cashback; (ii) forfeit, reverse or reclaim the Cashback
where participant is subsequently discovered to be ineligible; (ii) amend or vary the Card name or
design; and (iii) make determinations and decisions on all matters relating to this Cashback
programme which shall be final, conclusive and binding.
2. General
(i) Where any Transaction posted to your Card account is subsequently voided, refunded, cancelled,
reversed, disputed and/or reversed for any reason (whether in whole or in part), UOB shall have
the sole and absolute discretion to reverse and forfeit the Cashback awarded in respect of the
Transaction amount voided, refunded, cancelled, reversed, disputed and/or reversed.
(ii) The Card shall only be used for your own legitimate and genuine personal expenses and shall not
be used for commercial or other non-personal expenses.
(iii) UOB may deduct, re-compute, withdraw, forfeit and/or cancel any Cashback earned and/or
awarded and/or cancel and terminate your Card, without giving any reason or prior notice or
assuming any liability to you, if:
(a) spending on your Card account is deemed by UOB in its sole and absolute discretion to be
for commercial, illegitimate, not genuine, commercial and/or non-personal purposes;
(b) your Card account is not in good standing and not conducted in a proper and satisfactory
manner at any time as determined by UOB in its sole discretion;
(c) your Card account is overdue;
(d) UOB deems in its sole discretion that there is an abuse of the Cashback programme
(whether via unusual, illegitimate, and/or not genuine transaction activities or otherwise);
(e) relevant Cashback was not earned from qualifying spend; or
(f) for any other reason that UOB may determine in its sole discretion.
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026ZNo payment or compensation in respect of such deduction, re-computation, withdrawal or
cancellation will be made.
(iv) In the event that your Card account is delinquent, voluntarily or involuntarily closed or terminated
or suspended for any reasons whatsoever before the Cashback credited into your Card account,
such Cashback earned shall be forfeited without prior notice to you and you shall not be entitled to
any compensation or payment whatsoever.
(v) UOB shall not be responsible or liable in any manner for (i) any failure or delay or mistake in the
transmission or submission of card transactions by any party (including but not limited to American
Express, acquiring merchants, merchant establishments, postal or telecommunication authorities)
for whatever reason; or (ii) any breakdown or malfunction in any computer system or equipment;
or (iii) any loss, expenses, delays, mistake, neglect or omission in the awarding of the Cashback
or your participation in this Cashback programme.
(vi) The Card is excluded from earning UNI$, SMART$, Instant Rewards Redemption, or any other
rewards under the UOB Rewards Programme.
(vii) UOB’s decision on all matters relating to your Card account shall be final, conclusive and binding
and no payment or compensation will be given or paid by UOB to any person. UOB shall not be
obliged to give any reason or enter into any correspondence with any person on any matter relating
to its decision.
(viii) UOB reserves the right to vary, amend and/or supplement any of these Terms (including but not
limited the Cashback rate, the basis of calculation of the Cashback and the list of eligible
transactions which are eligible to earn the Cashback) from time to time without the giving of notice
or reason and without liability to any person and you agree to be bound by any such variations,
amendments and/or supplements.
(ix) These Terms supplement, are to be read together with and form an integral part of the UOB
Cardmembers Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and the UOB
Cardmembers Agreement, these Terms shall prevail in relation to any matter concerning the Card.
These Terms shall prevail over any advertising, promotional, publicity, brochure, marketing or other
materials relating to or in connection with the Card.
(x) Whilst all information is believed to be correct at the time of publishing, UOB makes no
representation or warranty whether expressed or implied, and accepts no responsibility or liability
for its completeness or accuracy.
(xi) By participating in this Cashback programme and in addition to any other consent you have already
provided to UOB and any right of UOB under applicable laws, you consent to UOB and the
necessary third parties collecting, using and disclosing your personal data for the purposes of this
Cashback programme and to contact you.
(xii) A person who is not a party to any agreement governed by the Terms shall have no rights under
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any term of such agreement.
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z(xiii) The Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore and you agree to submit to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore.
American Express is a trademark of American Express. The UOB Absolute Cashback American Express®
Card is issued by United Overseas Bank Limited pursuant to a license from American Express.
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No.193500026Z
Updated 4 August 2026 (Ver 3.0)
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z