OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING THE OCBC 90°N CARD ANNUAL SERVICE FEE OPTION
1. ANNUAL SERVICE FEE OPTION
1.1 Existing Principal holders of the OCBC 90°N Card (“Card”) – which includes the OCBC 90°N
Mastercard and the OCBC 90°N Visa Card – who successfully enroll for the Annual Service Fee upgrade
between 14 August and 31 December 2024 on their card for S$1,080 (including GST) (“Fee Upgrade”)
will qualify for this Benefit (“Qualified Customers”).
1.2 Under this Benefit: Upon successful enrolment, a Fee Upgrade of S$1,080 (including GST) will be
charged and 50,000 Miles (awarded as 90°N Miles) will be credited. For avoidance of doubt, this Fee
Upgrade is separate from and on top of the current year's base Annual Service Fee of S$196.20
(including GST).
1.3 Qualified Cardmembers understand and agree that OCBC Bank may take up to 14 working days
from the date it receives the Qualified Customer's valid enrolment for the Fee Upgrade to process the
Fee Upgrade and the awarding of the Benefit. Notwithstanding anything stated herein, OCBC shall not
be liable for any delay in the process for any reason whatsoever (including without limitation, delay
due to incorrect information in the system or due to system constraints and errors). Urgent requests
or cancellations will strictly not be entertained.
1.4 Refund of any Fee Upgrade paid shall not be entertained or allowed.
2. GENERAL
2.1 The benefits made available to Qualified Customers pursuant to the terms of the Benefit are not
exchangeable or refundable for cash, credit or kind.
2.2 OCBC Bank shall have the right to use agents, contractors or correspondents or any other third
party as it deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to administer and/or implement the
Benefit and OCBC Bank shall not be liable to any person for any act, omission or neglect on the part of
such agents, contractors, correspondents or third parties.
2.3 OCBC Bank reserves the right to suspend, withdraw or terminate the Benefit at any time without
notice. The decision of OCBC Bank on all matters relating to the Benefit shall be final, binding and
conclusive on all customers, including without limitation, any decision on the eligibility of any person
to participate in this Benefit.
2.4 OCBC Bank may at any time at its sole and absolute discretion, without notice or assigning any
reasons therefore, delete, vary, supplement, amend or modify the terms of the Benefit at any time.
The Qualified Customers are deemed to accept and are bound by such variations, additions, deletions,
amendments and/or modifications if the Qualified Customers do not terminate the use of the Card. d
e
tim
iL
n
2.5 In the event of any inconsistency between these terms and conditions and any brochure, o ita
marketing or promotional materials relating to this Benefit, the terms and conditions of the Benefit as
ro
p
ro
C
set out herein shall prevail. g nW
ik
n a B
e
2
3 0 0 0
2
se
n
3
9 1
ih
C
:.o
a e -N .g
sre
v
O
e
R
.o
C
1
Internal2.6 OCBC Bank assumes no responsibility for any of the contents found on third party websites
referred to in the terms and conditions of the Benefit and shall not be held responsible or liable for
any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on any content,
products or services available on such sites. OCBC Bank does not have control of such websites and
the reference to any such websites in these terms and conditions does not mean that OCBC Bank
endorses the material on such websites or has any association with the owner thereof.
2.7 A person who is not a party to the terms and conditions of the Benefit has no right under the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any term or condition of the Benefit.
2.8 The terms of this Benefit shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
Singapore, and the Qualified Customers irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts.
Version date: 25 September 2024
2
Internal