Citi Rewards Card – 10X Rewards Promotion Terms and Conditions
1. “Promotion” refers to the Citi Rewards Card – 10X Rewards Promotion.
2. “Citibank” refers to Citibank Singapore Limited.
3. “Eligible Card” refers to a Citi Rewards Visa Signature Card or Citi Rewards World
Mastercard.
4. “Eligible Cardholder” refers to a main or supplementary cardholder of an Eligible Card.
5. “Qualifying Charge” means a charge made to an Eligible Card which does not arise from any:
(i) annual fees, interest charges, late payment charges, GST, cash advances,
instalment/easy/extended/equal payment plans, preferred payment plans, balance
transfers, cash advances, quasi-cash transactions, all fees charged by Citibank or third
party, miscellaneous charges imposed by Citibank (unless otherwise stated in writing by
Citibank);
(ii) funds transfers using the card as source of funds;
(iii) bill payments (including via Citibank Online or via any other channel or agent);
(iv) payments to educational institutions;
(v) payments to government institutions and services (including but not limited to court
cases, fines, bail and bonds, tax payment, postal services, parking lots and garages,
intra-government purchases);
(vi) payments to insurance companies (sales, underwriting, and premiums);
(vii) payments to financial institutions (including banks and brokerages);
(viii) payments to non-profit organizations;
(ix) betting or gambling (including lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, off-track betting,
and wagers at race tracks) through any channel;
(x) any top-ups or payment of funds to payment service providers, prepaid cards and any
prepaid accounts;
(xi) transit-related transactions;
(xii) transactions performed at establishments/businesses/merchants that fall within an
excluded Merchant Category or a merchant that has been excluded by the bank, as set
out in www.citibank.com.sg/rwdexcl (this list of excluded Merchant Categories or
merchants may be updated from time to time at our discretion and Eligible Cardholders
shall refer to this list for any updates).
6. “10X Points Eligible Transaction” refers to
(i) a Qualifying Charge made at any store that sells shoes and bags and clothes as its main
business activity, determined by the following Merchant Category Codes (MCC); or
Merchant Category Code (MCC) Description
MCC 5311 Department Stores
MCC 5611 Men’s and Boy’s Clothing and Accessories Stores
MCC 5621 Women’s Ready to Wear Stores
MCC 5631 Women’s Accessory and Specialty Stores
MCC 5641 Children’s and Infant’s Wear Stores
MCC 5651 Family Clothing Stores
1MCC 5655 Sports and Riding Apparel Stores
MCC 5661 Shoe Stores
MCC 5691 Men's and Women's Clothing Stores
MCC 5699 Miscellaneous Apparel and Accessory Shops
MCC 5948 Luggage and Leather Goods Stores
(ii) a Qualifying Charge made at an online retail merchant, excluding mobile wallet and
travel-related transactions*. These refer to Qualifying Charges made via the internet or
mobile applications, which is determined by system indicators reflecting that it is an
online transaction and which are processed by the respective merchants/acquirers as
an online transaction through Visa/Mastercard networks. These indicators are decided
by the relevant merchant and/or their acquirer and are not determined by Citibank.
*For clarity, travel-related transactions refer to transactions which are either wholly or
partially related to any form of travel, whether local or overseas and include but are not
limited to transactions that fall within the following MCCs (i.e. any transactions at merchants
with the following MCCs will not be a 10X Points Eligible Transaction):
Excluded Merchant Category
Description
Code (MCC)
MCC 3000 to 3350 Airlines, Air Carriers
MCC 3351 to 3500 Car Rental Agencies
MCC 3501 to 3999 Lodging – Hotels, Motels, Resorts
MCC 4111, 4112 and 4789 Passenger Transport and Railways
MCC 4411 Cruise Lines
MCC 4511 Airlines, Air Carriers (Not Elsewhere Classified)
MCC 4722 and 4723 Travel Agencies and Tour Operators
MCC 5962 Direct Marketing – Travel-Related Arrangement Services
MCC 7011 and 7012 Lodging – Hotels, Motels, Resorts (Not Elsewhere Classified)
MCC 7512 Car Rental Agencies (Not Elsewhere Classified)
7. Only card transactions made under the 10X Points Eligible Transactions as defined in clause 6
above will qualify for 10X Rewards.
8. A Merchant Category Code (MCC) is a four digit number assigned to a merchant/business by
the merchant’s acquiring bank. The acquiring bank provides the credit card payment facilities
used by the merchant and it determines and applies (with respect to the account), the MCC
which in its view best describes the merchant activity. Citibank does not determine the
merchant’s MCC.
9. “Points” refers to Citi ThankYou Points or ThankYou Points earned on your Citi Rewards Visa
Signature Card or Citi Rewards World Mastercard.
10. “Points Validity Period” means a period of 60 months for Eligible Cardholders by reference to
which Points are calculated, but so that the first Points Validity Period shall commence on the
date when the Eligible Cardholder is entitled to participate in the Program and expire at the
end of 60 months thereafter and each subsequent Points Validity Period will commence on
the expiry of the previous one.
11. “Reward” means any goods, services, benefits, arrangements or other privileges (including,
without limitation, a waiver of annual cardmembership fees or a cash rebate) , as may be
determined by the Bank in its reasonable discretion, which may be redeemed or obtained by
the use of the Points under the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program.
212. Eligible Cardholders will earn 1 Base Point for every S$1 of Qualifying Charges (which are not
10X Points Eligible Transactions) made to the Eligible Card. Points shall be calculated on the
amount of each Qualifying Charge, rounded down to the nearest S$1.
13. For every 10X Points Eligible Transaction charged to the Eligible Card, an Eligible Cardholder
will be awarded:
(i) 1 Base Point for every S$1 of a 10X Points Eligible Transaction (“Base Points”); and
(ii) 9 Bonus Points for every S$1 of a 10X Points Eligible Transaction (“Bonus Points”).
Points shall be calculated on the amount of each 10X Points Eligible Transaction, rounded
down to the nearest S$1. Base Points are not subject to any cap. However, Bonus Points are
subject to a cap of 9,000 Bonus Points per statement month.
Illustration:
Transaction Points Eligible Transaction Base Points Bonus Points
Transaction
Category Transaction Amount Earned Earned
Department
#1 10X S$800.99 800 * 1 = 800 800 * 9 = 7,200
Stores
#2 Shoe Stores 10X S$550.24 550 * 1 = 550 550 * 9 = 4,950
Total 1,350 9,000^
^As Bonus Points are capped at 9,000 Bonus Points per statement month, Eligible Cardholder
will only be awarded a maximum of 9,000 Bonus Points even though Bonus Points for both
transactions amounts to a total of 12,150.
Eligible Cardholder will be awarded a total of 10,350 Points (1,350 Base Points + 9,000 Bonus
Points) for the statement month.
14. Points earned within a Points Validity Period must be used within that Points Validity Period
and shall not be carried forward to subsequent Points Validity Periods. Any Points which are
not used as at the last day of a Points Validity Period shall be available for use for a further 3
months, thereupon such unused Points shall be automatically cancelled and shall not
thereafter be available for use by the Eligible Cardholder nor be reinstated.
15. The Points earned cannot be used to offset against the minimum payment due on the Eligible
Card account. The Eligible Card account must be in good standing at the time the Points are
credited.
16. The use and redemption of Points are subject to the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program terms
and conditions which is available at www.citibank.com.sg/citirewards.
17. Citibank shall not be responsible for the quality, merchantability or the fitness for any purpose
or any other aspect of the products and/or services provided by third parties. Notwithstanding
anything herein, Citibank shall not at any time be responsible or held liable for any loss, injury,
damage or harm suffered by or in connection with the products and/or services provided by
third parties.
18. Citibank’s decision on all matters relating to the Promotion, including determination of
whether a transaction is a 10X Points Eligible Transaction, will be at its discretion and will be
final. Accordingly, Citibank reserves the right to reverse or cancel any Points already credited
at its discretion, exercised reasonably, where there has been a wrongful crediting of Points to
3an Eligible Card account. In addition, Points reversal will be applied in the statement cycle
when the reversal/refunded transaction is posted which may differ from the statement cycle
of corresponding Qualifying Charge (for example: the Qualifying Charge could have been made
in January 2020 but the reversal/refund of such transaction, whether wholly or partially, could
be in March 2020). Bonus Points (as defined above) will be awarded only if cumulative value
of new 10X Points Eligible Transactions in the respective spend category is higher than the
value of transactions reversed/refunded.
19. Citibank reserves the right at its reasonable discretion to terminate or amend the Promotion
or vary, delete or add to any of these terms and conditions from time to time.
Effective 1 April 2024
4