Terms & Conditions for the 90°N x OCBC Explorer Promotion (the “Promotion”)
Eligibility and Promotion Period
1. You will qualify for the Promotion (“Eligible Customer”) if:
a. you are an existing holder of an Eligible Card (defined below);
b. you have successfully signed up for an Explorer new policy from 1 October
2024 to 31 December 2024 (“Promotion Period”).
c. your Eligible Card account is active and in good standing with OCBC Bank
during the Promotion Period.
Definitions
2. “Eligible Card” refers to any of the following cards:
a. OCBC 90°N Mastercard
b. OCBC 90°N Visa Card
Promotion Mechanics
3. Eligible customers will be entitled a discount; 45% off their premium for Explorer
Single Trip and 15% for Explorer Annual Trip (Essential and Ultimate Plan).
4. If any Eligible Customer is subsequently discovered to be ineligible to participate
in the Promotion, Great Eastern General Insurance Limited (GEG) reserve the right
to (i) forfeit or withdraw the Promotion at any time; or (ii) (where the Promotion has
been redeemed) request the relevant customer to repay to or compensate GEG
the value of the discount at any time. No person shall be entitled to any payment
or compensation from GEG should any Promotion mechanics be forfeited or
withdrawn, or if a customer is asked to repay to or compensate GEG the value of
the discount for whatsoever reasons.
General
5. The eligibility of any Eligible Customer to participate in this Promotion shall be
determined at the absolute discretion of GEG.
6. GEG reserves the right at its absolute discretion to terminate the Promotion or
vary, delete or add to any of these terms and conditions at any time without notice
including without limitation, the eligibility of any customer and the dates of the
Promotion.
7. GEG shall not be responsible for the quality, merchantability or fitness for any
purpose or any other aspect of the Promotion, or any product and/or service
relating to the Promotion. Notwithstanding anything herein, GEG shall not at any
time be responsible or held liable for any defect or malfunction in any product or
the deficiency in any service provided, and/or any loss, injury, damage or harm
suffered or incurred by or in connection with the Promotion, and/or the use of any
product and/or service relating to the Promotion, by any person.
18. GEG shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to any person in connection
with the Promotion howsoever arising, including any error in computing chances,
any breakdown or malfunction in any computer system or equipment, or any
notice which is misdirected or lost in the post or in transmission.
9. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and each
participant in the Promotion irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts of Singapore. A person who is not a party to any agreement governed by
these terms and conditions shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any of these terms and conditions.
2