Terms and Conditions for
Metro 69th Celebration Sale x UOB Cards 2026 Campaign
1. Promotion
1.1 This Metro 69th Celebration Sale x UOB Cards 2026 Campaign (the “Promotion”) is only valid
from 5 March to 31 March 2026, both dates inclusive (the “Promotion Period”).
1.2 By participating in this Promotion, you are deemed to agree to be bound by the terms and
conditions of this Promotion (the “Terms”).
1.3 This Promotion is open to any individual who is a cardmember of a UOB Card issued by United
Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in Singapore.
1.4 For the purposes of these Terms:
(a) “Metro” refers to METRO (PRIVATE) LIMITED.
(b) “Metro-UOB Card” refers to any personal Metro-UOB Card issued by UOB in
Singapore.
(c) “UOB Card” refers to any personal Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Union
Pay credit card or debit card issued by UOB in Singapore, but does not include any
UOB Travel Account cards, UOB Corporate cards, UOB Purchasing cards, UOB
Business cards, UOB multicurrency corporate and Private Label cards.
(d) “UOB Lady’s Credit Card” refers to any personal UOB Lady’s Classic Card, UOB
Lady’s Platinum Card, UOB Lady’s World Mastercard, UOB Lady’s Solitaire Card or
UOB Lady’s Solitaire Metal Card issued by UOB in Singapore.
1.5 Subject to these Terms, you shall be eligible to receive a one-time discount (the “Discount”)
under this Promotion as set out in the table below if you are a cardmember of one of the UOB
Cards listed in the table below and you have successfully satisfy the applicable in-store
minimum net spend (excluding Excluded Transactions (as defined below)) at Metro Paragon or
Metro Causeway Point (the “Eligible Card Transactions”) during the Promotion Period as set
out in the table below:
UOB Card Minimum Spend for Discount
(a) • Metro-UOB Get a S$35 Discount with a minimum of S$550 worth of Eligible
Card Card Transactions successfully charged to your Metro-UOB Card
• UOB Lady’s or UOB Lady’s Credit Card in a single receipt.
Credit Card
The above S$35 Discount is limited to the first 150 redemptions
across both Metro-UOB Card and UOB Lady’s Credit Card during
the Promotion Period across both Metro Paragon and Metro
Causeway Point.
(b) All UOB Cards Get a S$25 Discount with a minimum of S$550 worth of Eligible
(including Metro- Card Transactions successfully charged to your UOB Card in a
UOB Card and single receipt.
UOB Lady’s
Credit Card) The above S$25 Discount is limited to the first 390 redemptions
during the Promotion Period across both Metro Paragon and
Metro Causeway Point.
1.6 For the avoidance of doubt:
Page 1 of 4(a) You can only redeem the Discount once during the Promotion Period. The Discount for
Metro-UOB Card, UOB Lady’s Credit Card and all UOB Cards are non-stackable (i.e.
if you qualify to receive the Discount worth S$35 under either Metro-UOB Card or UOB
Lady’s Credit Card, you will not qualify to receive the Discount worth S$25 under all
UOB Cards).
(b) Once the Discount worth S$35 under Clause 1.5(a) is fully redeemed, Cardmembers
of Metro-UOB Card and UOB Lady’s Credit Card may be eligible to receive the
Discount worth S$25 under Clause 1.5(b) if they have not redeemed the Discount worth
S$35 under Clause 1.5(a) and have successfully satisfied all of the applicable
conditions for the Discount worth S$25 under Clause 1.5(b).
(c) Purchase of Metro gift vouchers (“Excluded Transactions”) does not qualify as an
Eligible Card Transaction under this Promotion.
(d) This Promotion is not valid in conjunction with any other promotions or loyalty
programmes.
(e) This Promotion is not valid for transactions made online on metro.com.sg.
(f) Eligible Card Transactions charged by a principal cardmember of a UOB Card cannot
be aggregated with the Eligible Card Transactions charged by the supplementary
cardmember of that UOB Card for the purposes of computing the minimum spend
under this Promotion.
(g) This Promotion and the redemption of the Discount remains subject to any terms and
conditions as may be imposed by Metro, which shall apply in addition to these Terms.
2. Discount
2.1 If you are eligible to receive the applicable Discount set out in the table in Clause 1.5 above,
the Discount will be applied immediately to offset your bill directly at the time of your purchase.
2.2 You are only entitled to receive one (1) Discount under this Promotion.
2.3 The Discount is given on a first-come-first-served basis, whilst stocks last and subject to
availability. UOB shall not be required to notify and/or update on the availability of the Discount.
2.4 The Discount is neither transferable nor exchangeable for cash, reward points, credit, goods
and services, products or privileges or other kind, in full or in part, and is not refundable or
replaceable.
2.5 UOB has the right, at any time in its discretion and without prior notice, to substitute or replace
the Discount with another item of equivalent or similar value without giving any reason or
assuming any liability or payment of compensation to any person. UOB’s determination of such
substitution or replacement shall be final, conclusive and binding.
2.6 UOB is not an agent of Metro. Accordingly, UOB makes no warranty or representation as to the
Metro 69th Celebration Sale (“Metro Sale”) and/or the quality, value, merchantability or fitness
of the Discount and/or the goods and services provided by Metro in connection with this
Promotion and the Metro Sale. UOB assumes no liability or responsibility for the acts or
omissions of Metro or any non-performance or defects in the Discount and/or the goods and
services provided by Metro in connection with this Promotion and the Metro Sale. Any dispute
regarding the Discount, the Metro Sale and/or the goods and services provided by Metro in
connection with this Promotion or the Metro Sale is to be resolved directly with Metro and UOB
shall not be required to assist or act on your behalf in communicating with Metro.
Page 2 of 43. General
3.1 The following persons shall not be eligible to participate in the Promotion:
(a) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are voluntarily or involuntarily suspended,
cancelled, closed or terminated at any time;
(b) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are not active, valid, subsisting or in good
standing or delinquent or unsatisfactorily conducted as may be determined by UOB at
its sole discretion;
(c) individuals who are mentally unsound, facing legal incapacity or are incapable of
handling their affairs, deceased, insolvent, bankrupt or have any legal proceedings (or
any threat) of any nature instituted against them; or
(d) anyone whom UOB may decide to exclude, in its sole discretion, without any reason or
prior notice at any time.
3.2 UOB will not be liable or responsible for any injury, loss or damage whatsoever or for any
charge, cost or expense of any kind whatsoever suffered or incurred as a result of or in
connection with the redemption or usage of the Discount or participation in this Promotion.
Without limiting the foregoing, UOB will not be liable or responsible for any undelivered,
misdirected, corrupted, lost or delayed text, transmission or transaction or any delay or failure
in posting any transaction or accessing any of UOB’s online banking services or mobile banking
services or third-party applications, howsoever caused.
3.3 UOB has the absolute right and unfettered discretion to make decisions on all matters relating
to or in connection with the Promotion, including but not limited to the determination of whether
you have met all the requirements of the Promotion. UOB’s decisions shall be final, conclusive
and binding and no payment or compensation will be given. UOB shall not be obliged to give
any reason or prior notice or enter into any correspondence with any person on any matter or
decision relating to the Promotion.
3.4 If UOB determines that you are ineligible to participate in this Promotion or to receive the
Discount, UOB may in its sole discretion forfeit the Discount, reclaim the Discount or charge to
and debit an amount equal to the value of the Discount from any of your accounts with UOB
without prior notice to you. If the monies standing to the credit of your accounts are insufficient
to reimburse UOB, you shall immediately reimburse UOB for the value of the Discount through
such means as UOB may determine in its sole discretion.
3.5 The Terms shall be read in conjunction with the prevailing UOB Cardmember Agreement and
any other terms that may be relevant in connection with this Promotion (collectively the
“Standard Terms”). In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Terms and the Standard
Terms, the Terms shall prevail to the extent of such inconsistency; and (ii) the Terms and any
advertising, promotional, publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials relating to or in
connection with the Promotion, the Terms shall prevail to the extent that such discrepancy
relates to this Promotion.
3.6 UOB may, at any time and at its discretion terminate the Promotion and/or amend any of the
Terms, and all persons shall be bound by such amendments.
3.7 Unless otherwise stated, this Promotion is not valid with other offers, privileges or promotions.
3.8 By participating in this Promotion and in addition to any other consent you have already
provided to UOB and any right of UOB under applicable laws, you consent to UOB and the
necessary third parties collecting, using and disclosing your information (including your
personal data) for the purposes of this Promotion and to contact you, including by voice call or
text message.
Page 3 of 43.9 A person who is not a party to the Terms shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of
Third Parties) Act 2001 of Singapore to enforce the Terms.
3.10 The Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore and you shall be deemed
to have agreed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore.
Page 4 of 4