Administrative fee for production of documents Service charge/administrative fee
an administrative fee for our production or copying at your A service charge or administrative fee for any service or facility provided by
request, calculated as follows:-
us or any action taken by us in carrying out any of your instructions and/or
requests relating to your card account, whether such service or action is
Document Administrative fee
per copy referred to or contemplated in this agreement or otherwise.
sales draft:
(i) current to 2 months old S$5.00
(ii) more than 2 months to S$15.00
1 year old
statement of account:
(i) current to 2 months old S$0.00
(ii) more than 2 months to S$15.00
1 year old
(iii) more than 1 year to S$30.00
5 years old
(iv) more than 5 years S$100.00
What you should know...
http://www.citibank.com.sg/abscreditcard
Printed: November 2023. With effect from 1 January 2024.
The information above is accurate as of Nov 2023 and is intended as a quick consumer guide only. The information above is subject to the Citibank Singapore Global Consumer Banking
Terms and Conditions, the Citibank Visa/MasterCard Cardmember's Agreements and Citibank's pricing guide, which are available online at www.citibank.com.sg. Copies of the same are
also available at any branch of Citibank upon request.
Citibank full disclaimers, terms and conditions apply to individual products and banking services. ©2023 Citibank. Citi, Citibank and Citi and Arc Design are registered service marks
of Citigroup Inc. Citibank Singapore Limited Co. Reg. No. 200309485K. Printed on 11/2023Citibank Rewards
Visa Signature/WORLD Mastercard information sheet
This information is intended as a quick consumer guide only. For full PLUS
details, please read the Citibank Visa/MasterCard Cardmember’s Interest charges will be calculated on daily basis on the amount of
Agreement which prevails at all times. each cash advance or quasi-cash transaction from the date of the
transaction, until we receive full payment.
Cardmember's Agreement
For Cardmember’s Agreement, visit www.citibank.com.sg Interest Charges for Card Transactions
Hardcopy is available upon request. (Including Cash Advance)
Cardmember Fees The effective rate applicable on your account will be:
(INCLUSIVE OF 9% GST) a. The prevailing retail interest rate of 27.9% per annum and cash interest
Basic card annual fee : S$196.20 rate** of 27.9% per annum; or
Supplementary card annual fee : S$98.10
b. A promotional retail interest rate of 21.9% per annum and cash interest
Credit Limit rate** of 21.9% per annum which may be extended based on the good
The credit limit shown is your combined credit limit effective across conduct of your account. This rate will be effective after the next
all personal basic and supplementary cards held by you, including statement billing date following the payment due date.
your personal business card (if any). Notwithstanding the above, Citibank reserves the right to cancel/vary
this promotional rate at any time (including if your account becomes
Cash Advance Charges delinquent); or
A cash advance fee in respect of each cash advance you obtained c. A retail interest rate of 30.9% per annum and cash interest rate** of
calculated at the rate of S$15 or 8% of the amount drawn, whichever is 30.9% per annum in the event your account is past due* in the current
higher.month. Citibank reserves the right to apply this interest rate. This rate GIRO/Direct Debit Authorisation
will be effective after the next statement billing date following the Where you have given us a GIRO/Direct Debit Authorisation instruction
payment due date and your interest rate will revert to the prevailing to debit your nominated account(s) with a bank/finance company
product interest rate as soon as your account is no longer past due* to pay the Total Minimum Payment in respect of your Citibank Credit
in the current and last two months. Card account(s), the Overlimit Amount is not included in such
If the interest accrued on the outstanding balance is less than S$3, instruction and so you should arrange to pay the Overlimit Amount
a minimum of S$3 will be charged. which is in addition to the Total Minimum Payment.
Overlimit Fee
If payment is not made in full by the payment due date, interest
charges will be calculated on a daily basis on all transactions in both S$40 will be charged on the card with highest balance on the
the current statement as well as next month's statement from the statement billing date, if the total outstanding balance (including
transaction date until the date full payment is received. unbilled balance) of all credit card(s) exceeds customer’s combined
credit limit on any day within the statement period.
Right of appropriation
Branch Service fee
If you make payment to us without specifying which Citibank
Service fee of S$10.90 (inclusive of 9% GST) is charged (on a per
account(s) your payment is intended for, Citibank will at its discretion
account basis) for each payment made to your Citi credit card
allocate such payment to any of your Citibank account(s) with
account(s) over the counter at Citibank branches.
outstanding balances.
Transactions in Foreign Currencies and Transactions
Processed Outside Singapore
a. Foreign currency transactions
* An account is considered past due if the minimum payment due is not received in full before the payment (i) Card transactions (including online and overseas transactions)
due date.
effected in US dollars will be converted into Singapore dollars.
** Cash Interest Rate refers to the interest rate applied on outstanding debit balances from Cash advance, Cash
advance fee, Quasi-cash transactions, Outstanding Balances pursuant to the Balance Transfer Program after Card transactions effected in foreign currencies other than US
the expiry of the promotional Tenure, and interest charges resulting from such transactions. The retail interest
rate refers to the interest rate applied on all other outstanding balances. dollars will be converted to US dollars before being convertedinto Singapore dollars. The conversion will take place on the date (ii) In addition, the card transaction will be subject to an
on which the transaction is received and recorded by us ("posting administrative fee of 1% levied by VISA/MasterCard
date"). The currency conversion will be based on our prevailing International on the converted Singapore dollar amount if it
foreign exchange rate or an exchange rate determined by VISA is a VISA/MasterCard International transaction;
or MasterCard International depending on whether the conversion c. Singapore Dollars transactions processed outside Singapore
is done by us, VISA or Mastercard International.
(ii) In addition, the card transaction will be subject to an If the Singapore Dollars card transaction (including online
administrative fee of up to 3.25% on the converted Singapore transactions) is effected:
dollar amount if processed by VISA or Mastercard International (i) with a local merchant whose payments are processed through
or such other rate(s) determined by us and notified to you. an overseas intermediary; or
(ii) with a merchant who is registered as an overseas merchant
b. Dynamic Currency Conversion regardless of its actual location,
(i) If your card transaction (including online and overseas such card transaction will be subject to an administrative fee of
transactions) is converted into Singapore dollars via dynamic 1% on the transaction amount if the card transaction is processed
currency conversion (a service offered at certain ATMs and by VISA/MasterCard International.
merchants which allows a cardmember to convert a transaction
denominated in a foreign currency to Singapore Dollars at the This charges will be charged on card transactions including but not
point of withdrawal/sale), you acknowledge that the process limited to any VISA or Mastercard transaction presented in foreign
of conversion and the exchange rates applied will be currency that you choose to pay in Singapore Dollars at
determined by the relevant ATM operator, merchant or dynamic point-of-sale via dynamic currency conversion or any online VISA
currency conversion service provider, as the case may be. You or Mastercard transaction in Singapore Dollars which was processed
acknowledge that we do not determine whether a card outside Singapore. You may have to check with the relevant merchant
transaction will be converted into Singapore dollars via dynamic whether such transaction was processed outside Singapore.
currency conversion and, where your card transaction is for a
retail purchase, you may have to check with the relevant
merchant whether such conversion was done.Minimum Payment and Overlimit Amount Late Payment Charge
If the Minimum Payment Due is not received on or before the Payment
Current Balance Minimum Payment Due date, a Late Payment Charge of S$100 will be levied.
S$0 to <S$50 Current Balance Liability for Unauthorised Transactions
>=S$50 The minimum payment amount is specified in Please keep your Citibank credit card in a safe and secure place and
your statement of account and is computed by do not disclose your PIN to any third party. If your credit card is lost,
taking greater of – stolen or used by any third party or your PIN is disclosed to any third
party, you should immediately notify Citibank.
(a) (i) 1% of the current balance; plus
(ii) 1% of any outstanding unbilled With effect from 1 November 2009, your liability for unauthorised
instalment amounts; plus transactions on each credit card account is capped at S$100
(iii) all interest charges (including provided that Citibank is satisfied that you have (i) not been
interest charged under our negligent, (ii) not acted fraudulently and
instalment plans); plus (iii) immediately notified Citibank about the loss/theft/disclosure.
(iv) all upfront service fees for our
instalment plans; plus
(v) late payment charges;
or
(b) S$50;
plus any overdue amounts.
The overlimit amount is the outstanding balance (including any
unbilled balances) in excess of customer’s combined credit card
limit and must be paid immediately. The overlimit amount is in
addition to the total minimum payment amount.