PUBLIC
Standard Chartered Simply Cash Credit Card Terms & Conditions
1. The Standard Chartered Simply Cash Credit Card (the “Simply Cash Card“) gives you 1.5% cashback (“Cashback“)
when you (including your supplementary cardholder(s) on your Simply Cash Back Card account) use the Simply
Cash Card in the manner specified in these terms.
Cashback on Eligible Simply Cash Card Retail Transactions
2. Cashback is awarded only on retail transactions which exclude those transactions listed in Clause 3 below (“Eligible
Simply Cash Card Retail Transactions”) made on your Simply Cash Card based on the date such purchases are posted
to your Simply Cash Card account. For the avoidance of doubt, the date the transaction is charged may not be the
same as the date the transaction is posted due to factors including but not limited to processing time and
differences in time zones (where applicable). For clarity, Eligible Simply Cash Card Retail Transactions charged to
the Simply Cash Card in a month (as defined for purposes in Clause 6 below) but yet to be posted to the Simply
Cash Card account by the Simply Cash Card statement date will not be taken into account in the computation of
Cashback earned for that month (as defined in Clause 6 below). Cashback is computed on a monthly basis based
on your statement date and will be calculated based on two decimal places for each individual Eligible Simply Cash
Card Retail Transaction without any rounding off. Cashback earned will be reflected in that month’s card statement
but credited to your principal Simply Cash Card account only in the following statement cycle month. Such Cashback
amount will be automatically offset against the following statement cycle month’s billed amount. Cashback earned
by your supplementary cardholder(s) of the Simply Cash Card will be credited into your principal Simply Cash Card
account.
3. Selected transactions set out in Standard Chartered Credit Card Retail Transaction Exclusions will not be considered
as Eligible Simply Cash Card Retail Transactions and are not eligible to earn any Cashback.
4. Refunded retail transactions will be deducted from the relevant monthly billed amount for the computation and
award of Cashback. Any reversed portion of the Cashback earned will be reflected in the next month’s Simply Cash
Card statement.
5. We may retract, deduct, re-compute, withdraw and/or cancel any Cashback awarded if you fail to effect the
minimum payment due as reflected on that month’s Simply Cash Card statement, abuse the cashback programme
or for any other reason that we may deem fit in our sole discretion. You will not be entitled to any payment or
compensation in respect of such retraction, deduction, re-computation, withdrawal or cancellation.
General
6. For purposes of these terms, “month” means the period from the statement date of the current month to the day
falling one day prior to the statement date of the following month.PUBLIC
7. We are not responsible and accept no liability for any failure or delay in the transmission of a transaction and/or
Eligible Simply Cash Card Retail Transaction by any party (including but not limited to Mastercard/Visa acquiring
merchants, merchant establishments, or any telecommunication provider) for whatsoever reason.
8. Your Simply Cash Card account must be in good standing and conducted in a proper and satisfactory manner, as
we may determine in our sole discretion, at the time of crediting the Cashback. In the event that your Simply Cash
Card account is delinquent, terminated or suspected for any reason whatsoever before the Cashback is credited
into your Simply Cash Card account, we reserve the right to forfeit such Cashback in our sole discretion without
prior notice.
9. We accept no liability for any late submission of any transaction and/or Eligible Simply Cash Card Retail Transaction
by any merchant for whatsoever reason.
10. Any Cashback, if credited to your Simply Cash Card account for any of the transactions listed under Clause 3, will
be reversed in our sole discretion without prior notice.
11. Your Simply Cash Card account must be in good standing and conducted in a proper and satisfactory manner, as
we may determine in our sole discretion, at the time of crediting the Cashback. In the event that your Simply Cash
Card account is delinquent, terminated or suspended for any reason whatsoever before the Cashback is credited
into your Simply Cash Card account, we reserve the right to forfeit such Cashback in our sole discretion without
prior notice.
12. The Simply Cash Card is excluded from earning rewards under the Standard Chartered 360° Rewards Programme.
13. We reserve the right to vary, modify, and amend any of these terms (including but not limited to the right to vary
the rate of Cashback, the basis of calculation of Cashback and the retail transactions which are not Eligible Simply
Cash Card Retail Transactions) from time to time without prior notice and you agree that you are bound by such
variations, modifications, and amendments.
14. In the event we have determined (in our sole and absolute discretion) that you or a person you authorize as a
supplementary cardholder on your Simply Cash Card account is not eligible to or has irregularly or wrongly
redeemed or received any 360° Rewards Points /gifts / vouchers / cashback / rebates / privileges from us; or where
we have knowledge of subsequent events which would mean that you or a person you authorize as a
supplementary cardholder on your Simply Cash Card account would not have been entitled to redeem or receive
the 360° Rewards Points / gifts / vouchers / cashback / rebates / privileges (including but not limited to where the
charges used to meet the minimum spend were reversed or refunded), we reserve the right to claw back the 360°
Rewards Points / gifts / vouchers / cashback / rebates / privileges or to deduct the value of the 360° Rewards Points
/ gifts / vouchers / cashback / rebates / privileges (or such other amount as we deem fit) from your account(s) with
us or the account(s) with us of a person you authorize as a supplementary cardholder on your Simply Cash Card
account.PUBLIC
15. Our decision on all matters pertaining to this Simply Cash Card shall be final and binding on you and your
supplementary cardholders.
16. These Standard Chartered Simply Cash Credit Card Terms and Conditions are to be read in conjunction with our
Customer Terms and Credit Card Terms (“Other Terms“). In the event of any inconsistency between these terms
and the Other Terms, these terms prevail only to the extent of such inconsistency.
17. A person who is not a party to these terms and conditions has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties)
Act (Cap. 53B) to enforce any of these terms and conditions.
18. These terms and conditions are governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore. Any dispute
arising out of these terms and conditions shall be referred to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Singapore.
19. All information is correct at the time of printing or posting online.
V.062025