OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING OCBC 90°N CARD PROGRAMME
The OCBC 90°N Card Programme (“Programme”) is a programme that, inter alia, offers 90°N
Miles as rewards which can be used for redemption of airline tickets and hotel bookings, cash
or vouchers and is made available to all OCBC 90°N Mastercard and Visa Cardmembers
(“Cardmember” and, collectively, “Cardmembers”) pursuant to the Terms and Conditions set
out below.
These Terms and Conditions together with the terms of the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement
and OCBC Rewards Terms of Use, as may be amended, modified, and supplemented by
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC Bank”) from time to time, shall govern
and apply to the Programme. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between these
Terms and Conditions, the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement and the OCBC Rewards Terms
of Use, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail in so far as they relate to the Programme.
All terms and references used in these Terms and Conditions, and which are defined or
construed in the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement but are not defined or construed in these
Terms and Conditions shall have the same meaning and construction when used in these
Terms and Conditions.
Usage of the Card (as defined below) will be deemed acceptance by the Cardmember of these
Terms and Conditions of the Programme, the OCBC Cardmembers Agreement and the OCBC
Rewards Terms of Use.
1. 90°N MILES ACCRUAL
1.1 As a reward for incurring spend on their OCBC 90°N Mastercard / Visa Card, all Cardmembers will,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Programme, be awarded 90°N Miles at the rates set out
below:
90°N Miles
Local spend for every S$5 Equivalent to 1.3 90°N Miles
6.5
local spend for every S$1 local spend
Equivalent to 2.1 90°N Miles
Overseas spend for every
10.5 for every S$1 overseas
S$5 overseas spend
spend
AXS Pay + Earn
Equivalent to 1 90°N Mile for
transactions for every S$5 5
every S$1 spend
spend
For avoidance of doubt, all 90°N Miles earned shall be calculated based on each block of S$5
charged to the Card per transaction, and Cardmembers shall not be entitled to any partial or
pro-rated award of any 90°N Miles for any amount charged that does not amount to a S$5
block. Amounts charged in multiple transactions will not be combined to make up a S$5 block.
As an illustration, a customer who spends an amount between S$10 and S$14.99 in a single
transaction can earn 13 90°N Miles. However, a customer who spends S$4.90 in a single
transaction, or who spends S$2.50 in one transaction and S$2.50 in another transaction, willOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
not be awarded any 90°N Miles.
1.2 90°N Miles shall be awarded to the Cardmember based on the amount of each Card
Transaction charged to the Card Account, rounded down to the nearest dollar. There is no
cap on the amount of 90°N Miles that a Cardmember can earn each month.
1.3 All 90°N Miles accrued have no expiry date.
1.4 90°N Miles is not awarded on the following:
1.4.1 All card fees and charges, card annual fees, membership fees, renewal fees,
Balance Transfer and charges incurred for any Balance Transfer facility, Cash-on-
Instalment facility and charges incurred for any Cash-on-Instalment facility, Instalment
Payment Plan, Extended Payment Plan, Income Tax payment, interest, late payment
charges, Goods and services tax, Cash Advances, bill payments made via Internet
Banking, and other fees and charges.
1.4.2 Funds to prepaid accounts and merchants who are categorised as "payment
service providers", which include (without limitation) EZ-Link, NETS FlashPay, eNETS,
SAM, Transit Link, AXS (except as provided for in Clause 1.1), GrabPay, Youtrip,
Shopee Pay and Singtel Dash. The exclusions are not exhaustive and may be subject
to changes from time to time.
1.5 In addition, transactions made with the following Merchant Category Codes (“MCC”) will
not earn 90°N Miles:
MCC Description
4784 Tolls and Bridge Fees
4829 Wire Transfer Money Orders (WTMOs)
4900 Utilities–Electric, Gas, Heating Oil, Sanitary, Water
5047 Medical, Dental, Ophthalmic and Hospital Equipment and Supplies
5199 Nondurable Goods (Not Elsewhere Classified)
5960 Direct Marketing Insurance Services
5993 Cigars, Stores and Stands
6010 Member Financial Institution–Manual Cash Disbursements
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency, Non-
6051
Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting and Premiums
6513 Real Estate Agents and Managers–Rentals
6540 Non-Financial Institutions – Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Cleaning, Maintenance and Janitorial Services
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-
7995
Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8211 Schools, Elementary and SecondaryOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Organizations, Charitable and Social Service
8651 Organizations, Political
8661 Organizations, Religious
8675 Automobile Associations
8699 Organizations, Membership–Not Elsewhere Classified (Labor Union)
9211 Court Costs Including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payments
9399 Government Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
9402 Postal Services–Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases–Government Only
1.6 90°N Miles is also not awarded for the following transactions:
1.6.1 Transactions under Transportation and Tolls MCC 4111/4121/4131 except for
transactions with Grab Transport, Gojek and licensed taxi operators (including, without
limitation, Comfort/Citycab/ Transcab/ SMRT Taxi/ Premier Taxi/ Prime Taxi/ HDT
Taxi). For avoidance of doubt, you will still earn 90°N miles for transactions with Grab
Transport, Gojek and licensed taxi operators (including, without limitation,
Comfort/Citycab/ Transcab/ SMRT Taxi/ Premier Taxi/ Prime Taxi/ HDT Taxi) for all
applicable Cards.
1.7 OCBC Bank reserves the right to revoke, deduct and/or recompute any 90°N Miles
awarded in the event a Cardmember fails to effect due payment for the Card Transactions
and/or if the Card Account is closed or terminated by the Cardmember or OCBC Bank, as the
case may be.
1.8 The 90°N Miles cannot be transferred, assigned or carried over to any other card issued
by OCBC Bank.
1.9 The 90°N Miles awarded, including any Bonus (as defined below) awarded by OCBC Bank,
to each Principal Cardmember will be reflected in the relevant Principal Cardmember’s
monthly Card statement, and will also be available for viewing via OCBC app > Rewards.
1.10 Purchases charged to the Card but have yet to be posted to the Card Account by the end
of a calendar month shall not be taken into account in the computation of 90°N Miles to be
awarded in that calendar month.
1.11 Refunded transactions will be deducted from the relevant billed amount taken into
consideration for the computation and award of 90°N Miles.
1.12 A renewal bonus of 10,000 90°N Miles (“Bonus”) will be awarded to the PrincipalOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
Cardmember once the annual service fee has been charged to the Cardmember’s account. In
the event of any subsequent waiver of the annual service fee, provided that the Principal
Cardmember has a balance of at least 10,000 90°N Miles balance available for deduction, this
Bonus will be deducted from the Cardmember’s account. Please refer to www.ocbc.com/90n
for the applicable annual service fee. For the avoidance of doubt, the annual service fee will
be automatically waived for the first year and charged on the second renewal date of the Card
and will be reflected in the relevant Card statement.
1.13 OCBC Bank reserves the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the
Cardmember to claw-back, deduct, withdraw, or cancel any 90°N Miles or other
rewards/rebates awarded to the Cardmember for any reason whatsoever, and without any
liability to the Cardmember.
1.14 OCBC Bank reserves the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the
Cardmember to debit, charge and/or deduct from any of the Cardmember’s accounts with
OCBC Bank and/or demand the Cardmember to repay or compensate to OCBC Bank, the
monetary value equivalent of any 90°N Miles or other rewards/rebates awarded to the
Cardmember, for any reason whatsoever, and without any liability to the Cardmember.
Further, if any Cardmember wishes to close his/her Card Account but such Card Account has
an insufficient or negative 90°N Miles (or such other reward/rebate) balance for any reason
whatsoever, OCBC Bank reserves the right to debit, charge and/or deduct from any of the
Cardmember’s accounts with OCBC Bank, and/or demand the Cardmember to repay or
compensate to OCBC Bank, the monetary value equivalent of the amount of 90°N Miles (or
such other reward/rebate) in deficit. OCBC Bank reserves the right to determine and revise
from time to time the rate of conversion used for the purpose of computing the monetary value
equivalent of the 90°N Miles (or such other reward/rebate) to be deducted.
1.15 No person shall be entitled to any payment or compensation whatsoever in respect of
any claw-back, deduction, withdrawal, or cancellation of any 90°N Miles or other
rewards/rebates awarded to the Cardmember or any debit, charge or deduction or demand
for the monetary value equivalent of any 90°N Miles (or such other reward/rebate) made by
OCBC Bank, for any reason whatsoever.
1.16 OCBC Bank reserves the right to change or substitute the 90°N Miles with any item of
similar value without notice.
1.17 The crediting of any 90°N Miles or other rewards/rebates to the Card Account will be
entirely at OCBC Bank’s discretion and OCBC Bank shall not be liable or responsible for any
loss or damage suffered or incurred by any Cardmember in connection with OCBC Bank
crediting or not crediting any 90°N Miles or other rewards/rebates to Cardmembers.
2. 90°N MILES REDEMPTION
For 90°N Miles redemption related terms, please refer to the OCBC Rewards Terms of Use
here (OCBC webpage > Personal banking > Digital banking > Rewards > Terms of Conditions >
OCBC Rewards Terms of Use).OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
3. GENERAL
3.1 The benefits made available to Cardmembers pursuant to the terms of the Programme
are not exchangeable or refundable for cash, credit or kind.
3.2 OCBC Bank shall have the right to use agents, contractors or correspondents or any other
third party as it deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to administer and/or
implement the Programme and OCBC Bank shall not be liable to any person for any act,
omission or neglect on the part of such agents, contractors, correspondents or third parties.
3.3 OCBC Bank reserves the right to suspend, withdraw or terminate the Programme at any
time without notice. The decision of OCBC Bank on all matters relating to the Programme shall
be final, binding and conclusive on all Cardmembers, including without limitation, any decision
on the eligibility of any person to participate in the Programme.
3.4 OCBC Bank may at any time at its sole and absolute discretion, without notice or assigning
any reasons therefore, delete, vary, supplement, amend or modify the terms of the Programme
at any time. The Cardmembers are deemed to accept and are bound by such variations,
additions, deletions, amendments and/or modifications if the Cardmember do not terminate
the use of the Card.
3.5 In the event of any inconsistency between terms and conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional materials relating to Programme, the terms of the Programme as set
out herein shall prevail.
3.6 OCBC Bank assumes no responsibility for any of the contents found on third party
websites referred to in the terms and conditions of the Programme and shall not be held
responsible or liable for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use
of or reliance on any content, products or services available on such sites. OCBC Bank does
not have control of such websites and the reference to any such websites in these terms and
conditions does not mean that OCBC Bank endorses the material on such websites or has
any association with the owner thereof.
3.7 A person who is not a party to the terms and conditions of the Programme has no right
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any term or condition of the
Programme.
3.8 The terms of this Programme shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of Singapore, and the Cardmembers irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the Singapore courts.
Updated as of 24 November 2025