TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UOB DEBIT CARD S$20 GRAB VOUCHER PROMOTION
1. Promotion
1.1. This UOB Debit Card S$20 Grab Voucher Promotion (the “Promotion”) is only valid between
14 August 2026 to 30 September 2026, both dates inclusive (the “Promotion Period”).
1.2. By participating in this Promotion, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
Promotion (the “Terms”).
1.3. This Promotion is only open to selected cardholders of the UOB One Debit Mastercard, UOB One
Debit Visa Card, UOB FX+ Debit Card and UOB Lady’s Debit Card (each an “Eligible Card”) issued
by United Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) in Singapore who have received an SMS, electronic
direct mail or TMRW push notification invitation from UOB to participate in this Promotion.
1.4. To participate in this Promotion, you must satisfy all of the following conditions: -
(a) you must receive an SMS or electronic direct mail or TMRW push notification invitation
from UOB during the Promotion Period inviting you to participate in this Promotion (the
“Invitation”);
(b) you must be the first 4,000 to successfully register to participate in this Promotion by
sending an SMS with the keyword DC to 77862, using your Singapore mobile number
registered with UOB, during the Promotion Period.
(c) You must successfully charge a minimum of 5 Eligible Mobile Pay Transactions (as
defined below) to your Eligible Card during the Promotion Period.
1.5. For the purposes of this Promotion:
(a) “Eligible Mobile Pay Transaction” refers to a retail mobile pay contactless transaction
and mobile pay in-app transaction for the purchase of goods and/or services (whether in
Singapore dollars or foreign currencies) which are successfully charged to your Eligible
Card and posted on UOB’s system but shall exclude the Excluded Transactions.
(b) “Excluded Transactions” refers to the following:
(i) any cash advances and bill payments, tax payments, payments at government
agencies, insurance premiums, donations;
(ii) fees, interest and charges, late payment charges, finance charges, instalment /
personal loan charges;
(iii) balance and/or funds transfers;
(iv) transactions relating to top-ups of any pre-paid card and/or mobile wallet (including
but not limited to Grab mobile wallet top-up transactions, Shopeepay, YouTrip,
EZLINK, TRANSIT LINK);
(v) transactions relating to money transfers and/or UOB Payment Facility, or Instalment
Payment Plans;(vi) UOB$ transactions;
(vii) any amount charged that is subsequently cancelled, voided, disputed or reversed
for any reason;
(viii) quasi-cash transactions (for example but not limited to transactions relating to
money orders, gambling related transactions);
(ix) any payment made with the following Merchant Category Codes (“MCC”):
MCC Description
4829 Wire Transfer/Remittance
5199 Nondurable Goods
5960 Direct Marketing - Insurance Services
6010 Financial Institutions – Manual Cash Disbursements
6012 Member Financial Institution - Merchandise And Services
6050 Quasi Cash - Financial Institutions, Merchandise And Services
Quasi Cash - Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions - Foreign Currency,
6051
Non-Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities - Brokers And Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales/Underwrite
6513 Real Estate Agents & Managers - Rentals
6529 Quasi Cash - Remote Stored Value Load-Financial Institute Rentals
6530 Quasi Cash - Remote Stored Value Load-Merchant Rentals
6534 Quasi Cash - Remote Money Transfers
6540 Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Clean/Maint/Janitorial Serv Aka Property Management
7511 Quasi Cash - Truck Stop Trxns
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages
7800 Government-Owned Lotteries (US Region only)
Government Licensed On-Line Casinos (On-Line Gambling) (US
7801
Region only)
7802 Government-Licensed Horse/Dog Racing (US Region only)
Gambling - Betting, Including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips,
7995
Off-Track Betting, And Wagers At Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals
8398 Organizations, Charitable And Social Service
8211 Elementary and Secondary Schools
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools, and Junior Colleges
8299 Health Practitioners, Medical Services–NotElsewhere Classified
8241 Correspondence Schools
8244 Business and Secretarial Schools
8249 Vocational and Trade Schools
8651 Organisations, Political8661 Organizations, Religious
9211 Court Costs Including Alimony And Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail And Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payment
9399 Government Services - Not Elsewhere Classified
9402 Postal Services - Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases - Government Only
(x) any transactions made with the following transaction descriptions:
AMAZE* TRANSIT* PAYPAL * CAPITALROYA
AMAZE*TRANSIT PAYPAL * OANDAASIAPA
AMAZE*TRANSIT PAYPAL *PLUS500.COM
AXS PAYMENT* PAYPAL* PLUS500
AXS* PAYPAL* PLUS500.COM
AXSPAYMENT* PLUS500
AXS-PAYMENT* PLUS500UK LIMITED
CARDUP* RAZERPAY*
CITY INDEX SINGAPORE RWS-LEVY*
EZ LINK* SAXO CAP MKTS PTE LTD
EZLINK* SHOPEEPAY
EZ-LINK* SINGPOST - SAM*
EZLINK* SINGPOST-SAM*
EZLINKS* SKR*PLUS500CY LTD
FLASHPAY ATU* SKR*SKRILL.COM
FLASHPAY* SMOOVE PAY*
FLASHPAYATU* TRANSIT LINK*
IPAYMY* TRANSIT*
MB * MONEYBOOKERS.COM TRANSITLINK*
MB* MONEYBOOKERS.COM WWW.IGMARKETS.COM.SG
NETS VCASHCARD* WWW.MYEZLINK.COM.SG
NETSFLASHPAY* WWW.PLUS500.CO.UK
OANDA ASIA PAC WWW.PLUS500.CO.UK/
OANDAASIAPA YOUTRIP.COM*
PAYPAL * BIZCONSULTA
1.6. UOB reserves the right, at any time at its discretion, to amend or vary the list of Eligible Transactions
and the list of Excluded Transactions without any reason or prior notification and/or assuming any
liability to any party and shall not be liable to pay any compensation or enter into any
correspondence in connection with the same.
1.7. A merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature of business. The MCCs
are assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. UOB does not determine the merchants’ MCC.
UOB shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating to the categorisation of a merchant’s MCC.2. Gift
2.1. If you satisfy all of the conditions in Clause 1.4 above, you shall be eligible to receive a Grab
voucher worth S$20 (the “Gift”). The Gift will be issued in the form of a S$20 promo code (or such
other denomination as may be determined by UOB in its absolute discretion), which shall be valid
for use one (1) time.
2.2. You will be notified via SMS by 30 November 2026 (or such other date as may be determined by
UOB from time to time) if you are eligible to receive the Gift based on your Singapore mobile phone
number in UOB’s records (the “Notification”).
2.3. The promo code for your Gift will be embedded in the Notification. To utilise the Gift, there is no
minimum spend required and you must follow the instructions set out in the official Grab mobile
application. Any amount in excess of the Gift must be charged to your Eligible Card. The Gift may
only be used to offset your Grab order in Singapore placed via the Grab mobile application and
remains subject to any terms and conditions as may be imposed by Grab Singapore (the
“Merchant”) at its sole discretion. Unless otherwise stated, the Gift cannot be used in conjunction
with other offers and promotion codes.
2.4. The Gift is only valid for the time period stipulated in your Notification (the “Valid Period”). Strictly
no extension of the Valid Period is allowed, and any Gift not utilised by the applicable Valid Period
will be forfeited. You must input the code relating to your Gift into the Grab mobile app at the time
of placing your Grab order in Singapore. A successful redemption is only made upon checkout and
any unconsumed value of the Voucher shall be forfeited. The Gift will be considered redeemed in
the event that you subsequently cancel your order after checkout.
2.5. Gifts are on a first-come-first-served basis, whilst stocks last and subject to availability. UOB shall
not be required to notify and/or update on the stock availability of the Gift.
2.6. You are only entitled to receive one (1) Gift under this Promotion, regardless of the number of
Eligible Cards that you may hold.
2.7. The Gift is neither transferable nor assignable. The Gift is not exchangeable for cash, credit or kind,
in full or in part, and is not replaceable if lost or stolen. No reservation, refund or exchanges of the
Gifts are allowed.
2.8. UOB may substitute the Gift with any item of equivalent or similar value, without prior notice or
reason or being liable to any person.
2.9. The Gift is supplied by third party merchants and UOB is not an agent of the merchant and/or
supplier of the Gift. Accordingly, UOB makes no warranty or representation as to the quality, value,
merchantability or fitness for purpose of the Gift and UOB assumes no liability or responsibility for
the acts or omissions of the merchants or any non-performance or defects in the Gift. Any dispute
regarding the Gift is to be resolved directly with the merchant and/or supplier of the Gift. UOB shall
not be required to assist or act on your behalf in communicating with the merchant and/or supplier
of the Gift. For the purposes of this clause, “Gift” includes any products and/or services provided
by third party merchants in connection with the use and/or redemption of the Gift.
2.10. Your Eligible Card account must be in good standing at all times as determine by UOB at its
absolute discretion. In the event that your Eligible Card account is delinquent, voluntarily or
involuntarily closed or terminated or suspended for any reasons whatsoever at the time of awardingof the Gift, the Gift shall be forfeited and you shall not be entitled any compensation or payment
whatsoever.
2.11. Sending and receiving SMS is dependent on a SMS vendor, an independent telecommunication
authority or service provider or such other third party which is engaged by UOB for the Promotion
and UOB shall not be responsible for any undelivered, lost or delayed SMS sent to and/or received.
You shall pay and be solely responsible for all fees and charges imposed by their service providers
for the sending and/or receipt of any SMS in connection with the Promotion.
3. General
The General Terms and Conditions Governing Promotions set out in Appendix 1 will apply to this
Promotion and form an integral part of these Terms.Appendix 1
General Terms and Conditions Governing Promotions
1. The following persons shall not be eligible to participate in the Promotion:
(a) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are voluntarily or involuntarily suspended, cancelled,
closed or terminated at any time;
(b) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are not active, valid, subsisting or in good standing
or delinquent or unsatisfactorily conducted as may be determined by UOB at its sole
discretion;
(c) individuals who are mentally unsound, facing legal incapacity or are incapable of handling
their affairs, deceased, insolvent, bankrupt or have any legal proceedings (or any threat)
of any nature instituted against them; or
(d) anyone whom UOB may decide to exclude, at its sole discretion, without any reason or
prior notice at any time.
2. UOB will not be liable or responsible for any injury, loss or damage whatsoever or for any charge,
cost or expense of any kind whatsoever suffered or incurred as a result of or in connection with the
redemption or usage of the Gift or participation in this Promotion. Without limiting the foregoing,
UOB will not be liable or responsible for any undelivered, misdirected, corrupted, lost or delayed
text, transmission or transaction or any delay or failure in posting any transaction or accessing any
of UOB’s online banking services or mobile banking services or third party applications, howsoever
caused.
3. UOB has the absolute right and unfettered discretion to make decisions on all matters relating to
or in connection with the Promotion, including but not limited to the determination of whether you
have met all the requirements of the Promotion. UOB’s decisions shall be final, conclusive and
binding and no payment or compensation will be given. UOB shall not be obliged to give any reason
or prior notice or enter into any correspondence with any person on any matter or decision relating
to the Promotion.
4. If UOB determines that you are ineligible to participate in this Promotion or to receive the Gift, UOB
may in its sole discretion forfeit the Gift, reclaim the Gift or charge to and debit an amount equal to
the value of the Gift from any of your accounts with UOB without prior notice to you. If the monies
standing to the credit of your accounts are insufficient to reimburse UOB, you shall immediately
reimburse UOB for the value of the Gift through such means as UOB may determine in its sole
discretion.
5. The Terms shall be read in conjunction with the prevailing UOB Debit Cardmember Agreement and
any other terms that may be relevant in connection with this Promotion (collectively the “Standard
Terms”). In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Terms and the Standard Terms, the
Terms shall prevail to the extent of such inconsistency; and (ii) the Terms and any advertising,
promotional, publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials relating to or in connection with the
Promotion, the Terms shall prevail to the extent that such discrepancy relates to this Promotion.
6. UOB may, at any time and at its discretion terminate the Promotion and/or amend any of the Terms,
and all persons shall be bound by such amendments.
7. Unless otherwise stated, this Promotion is not valid with other offers, privileges or promotions.
8. By participating in this Promotion and in addition to any other consent you have already provided
to UOB and any right of UOB under applicable laws, you consent to UOB and the necessary thirdparties collecting, using and disclosing your information (including your personal data) for the
purposes of this Promotion and to contact you, including by voice call or text message.
9. A person who is not a party to the Terms shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act 2001 to enforce the Terms.
10. The Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore and you shall be deemed
to have agreed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore.
Updated on 14 August 2026
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z