Terms and Conditions Governing the Citibank Singapore PremierMiles Cards - Kaligo Promotion
“Promotion” refers to the “Citibank Singapore PremierMiles Cards - Kaligo Promotion”. “Citi Miles” refer to Citi Miles
earned on the Citi PremierMiles Card account.
1. The qualifying period for this Promotion is from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2026, midnight to midnight,
both days inclusive ("Qualifying Period").
2. This Promotion is valid only for all Citi PremierMiles credit cards issued in Singapore.
3. Customers will earn 10 Citi Miles for every S$1 spend with their Citi PremierMiles credit card(s) including
supplementary cards for all qualifying charges made at Kaligo.
4. Qualifying Charges are charges made at Kaligo from any Citi PremierMiles Credit Card account (unless
excluded by Citibank in its absolute discretion) which do not arise from any Equal Payment Plan purchases,
refunded, disputed, unauthorized or fraudulent retail purchases, Quick Cash transactions, balance transfers,
annual card membership fees, interest, goods and services taxes, late payment fees and any other form of
service / miscellaneous fees.
5. Citi Miles at Kaligo constitutes the regular 1.2 Citi Miles for every S$1 spend locally on qualifying charges
made with the Citi PremierMiles Card and additional 8.8 Citi Miles for every S$1 spend locally on qualifying
charges made with the Citi PremierMiles Card AND/OR the regular 2.2 Citi Miles for every S$1 of qualifying
charges made in a foreign currency with the Citi PremierMiles Card and additional 7.8 Citi Miles for every S$1
of qualifying charges made in a foreign currency with the Citi PremierMiles Card
6. The issuance and redemption of the Citi Miles for Citi PremierMiles Credit Cards are subject to applicable
terms and conditions which are available at http://www.citibank.com.sg/premiermiles.
7. The additional Citi Miles will be credited to the Cardmember’s credit card account within 2 calendar months
from the last day of the month in which the Cardmember departed from the hotel.
8. Citibank is not a supplier of the product/service purchased and will not accept any liability in relation thereto.
9. Citibank shall not be responsible for the quality, merchantability or the fitness for any purpose or any other
aspect of the products and/or services provided by third parties. Notwithstanding anything herein, Citibank
shall not at any time be responsible or held liable for any loss, injury, damage or harm suffered by or in
connection with the products and/or services provided by third parties.
10. Citibank's decision on all matters relating to the Promotion will be at its absolute discretion and will be final
and binding on all participants.
11. Citibank reserves the right to extend the promotion, vary, delete or add to any of these terms and conditions
from time to time at its discretion. These terms and conditions prevail over the contents of any brochure or
other promotional material advertising the Citibank Singapore PremierMiles Cards - Kaligo Promotion.
12. “Citibank" means Citibank Singapore Limited
Updated: November 2025