CITI CLEAR VISA/MASTERCARD®
CARDMEMBER’S AGREEMENT
Before you use the Citi Clear Visa/Mastercard, please read this agreement
thoroughly. By signing on or using the card, you are accepting the terms and
conditions of this agreement and will be bound by them. Your use of the card
is governed by this agreement.
1. DEFINITIONS
1.1 When we use the following words in this agreement, they have the
meanings as respectively set out below:-
Alerts
a service that allows Citibank to send you specific prompts in respect of
certain information from time to time (whether requested or not by you), and
such information includes but is not limited to account activity, transactions,
and demographic updates. Some Alerts may only be sent according to your
preference
ATM
an automated teller machine or card-operated machine, whether belonging
to us or other participating banks or financial institutions or to the Visa or
Mastercard Global ATM Network or their affiliated networks, which accepts
the card
Authority
any competent regulatory, prosecuting, tax or governmental authority in any
jurisdiction, domestic or foreign
Business day
refers to any day on which banks are open for business in Singapore other
than Saturday, Sunday and gazetted public holidays in Singapore
Card
the Citi Clear Visa or Mastercard issued by us and a renewal or replacement
Card account
an account which you maintain with us in respect of the card
Card transaction
a transaction carried out whether by using the card, the card account
number and/or the PIN or via TBS or otherwise, whether with or without
your knowledge or authority (including a payment for any goods, services
and/or benefits and a payment for any charitable purpose and any cash
advance)
Cash advance
a disbursement of funds in any currency
Citigroup, Inc.
Citigroup, Inc., a corporation incorporated in the United States of America
Citigroup Organisation
any affiliate or subsidiary of Citigroup, Inc.
Collected Amount
an amount for or on account of, or which represents, withholding, income
tax, value added tax, tax on the sale or disposition of any property, duties,
or any other lawfully collected amount.
Combined credit limit
the maximum limit permitted by us, and communicated to you by us from
time to time, in respect of which the total outstanding balance must not
exceed at any time
Communication
includes all Alerts, notices, demands, requests, instructions, including
without limitation, stop payment instructions (or cancellation thereof)
in respect of any advice, statement of account, card, PIN and all other
communication
Current balance
your total liabilities outstanding and owing to us at any given time in
connection with your card account(s) and/or this agreement, including
but not limited to all card transactions, interest, charges, fees, costs,
billed instalments and expenses (including legal costs), whether actual or
contingent and whether incurred now or in the future
Equipment
any electronic, wireless, communication, transmission or telecommunication
equipment, device or medium, including without limitation, the Internet, any
computer or mobile phone, equipment, device, terminal or system or otherwise
1Instalment plans
a payment plan under which the billing for goods and services and/or a
loan is made by way of equal instalments over the applicable tenure,
including any associated interest
Law or Regulation
the law or regulation of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, or any
agreement entered into with or between Authorities
Outstanding unbilled instalment amount
the sum of any unbilled instalment principal amount under an instalment
plan and any associated interest or fees
Parent
a parent or guardian (as the case may be) of a cardmember who is below
21 years old
Payment due date
the date specified in the statement of account or where we are unable to
send you a statement of account, such date that we may select by which
payment of the current balance is to be received by us, and for the purpose
of calculating interest
Payment Infrastructure Provider
a third party that forms part of the global payment system infrastructure,
including without limitation communications, clearing or payment
systems, intermediary banks and correspondent banks
PIN
Personal Identification Number issued by us to allow you to use the card
at an ATM to obtain cash advances
Points refers to Citi ThankYou Points or ThankYou Points earned on your
Citi Clear Visa/Mastercard;
Points Validity Period means a period of 12 months, by reference to which
Points are calculated, but so that the first Points Validity Period shall
commence on the date when the cardmember is entitled to participate
in the Program and expire at the end of 12 months thereafter and each
subsequent Points Validity Period will commence on the expiry of the
previous one;
Privacy Circular
refers to the notification provided by us to explain the purposes for our
collection, use and disclosure of personal data (as defined in the Personal
Data Protection Act 2012 of Singapore), including amendments thereto
Program means the Citi ThankYou Rewards Program
Quasi-cash transactions
are transactions representing a purchase of foreign currency or items
(including but not limited to, gaming chips, money orders, lottery tickets,
traveler’s cheques and precious metals) which may be convertible to cash,
and may also include transactions such as the transfer of funds under a wire
transfer money order, the funding of accounts and such other transactions
as determined by the relevant card association from time to time
Representatives
our officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, professional
advisers and Third Party Service Providers
Retail purchase means a purchase of any goods or services by the use
of the card and may, at our reasonable discretion and with reasonable
notice, include or exclude any card transaction as may be determined by
us;
Reward means any goods, services, benefits, arrangements or
other privileges (including, without limitation, a waiver of annual
cardmembership fees or a cash rebate), as may be determined by us in our
reasonable discretion, which may be redeemed or obtained by the use of
Points under Program.
SMS
Short message service provided by your mobile service provider which:
(a) we may use to send any communication to your mobile phone at the
mobile phone number provided by you to us and as may from time to
time be updated by you; and
(b) for you to give us instructions in respect of your card and/or card
account in accordance with our prescribed procedure prevailing at that
time from your mobile phone at the mobile phone number provided by
you to us and as may from time to time be updated by you
Statement of account
a statement of account issued by us in respect of your card account
2specifying the current balance and the minimum payment due for the
specified period
Third Party Service Provider
a third party selected by us or any Citigroup Organisation or Representative to
provide services and who is not a Payment Infrastructure Provider. Examples
of Third Party Service Providers include technology service providers, business
process outsourcing service providers and call centre service providers.
Total outstanding balance
sum of your current balance and any unbilled instalment principal amount
Unbilled instalment principal amount
Principal amount under an instalment plan less any billed instalment
principal amount
Valid signature
your signature which is identical to the specimen signature on your
application for the card furnished to us
We, our, us
Citibank Singapore Ltd and its successors and any novatee, assignee,
transferee or purchaser of Citibank Singapore Ltd’s rights and/or
obligations hereunder
You, your, cardmember
the person to whom the card is issued
1.2 (a) “ TBS” and “TBS Access Code” have the same meanings as set out in the
terms and conditions relating to Telephone Banking Service.
(b) Unless the context otherwise requires, words referring to the singular
number shall include the plural number and vice versa; and reference
to a person includes reference to a sole proprietor, partnership firm and
company.
(c) We use headings in this agreement for ease of reference but this
agreement is not to be interpreted by reference to the headings.
2. THE CARD
2.1 Collection of card
When your application is approved by us, we may send you the card, and a
renewal or replacement thereof, by ordinary post to the address we have
on record for you. In the event you fail to receive the card and unauthorized
transactions occur on the card account, you will not be liable for the
balances arising there from provided you have not acted fraudulently or
negligently. We are not liable to you for any loss or damage which you may
suffer if you fail to receive the card.
2.2 After receipt of card
When you receive the card, you must immediately sign on the card. You are
deemed to have accepted and agreed to this agreement when you retain
or use the card.
2.3 Return of card
The card remains our property at all times. You must immediately return
the card to us upon our request which we may make at any time in our
reasonable discretion.
3. CREDIT LIMIT
3.1 Must not exceed credit limit
Subject to clause 15.2, you must not use the card such that the total
outstanding balance exceeds your credit limit.
3.2 Calculating if credit limit exceeded
In calculating whether the credit limit has been exceeded, we may take
into account the amount of any card transaction which you have carried
out but which has not been debited to your card account and any proposed
card transaction for which we have given authorization to a third party.
3.3 To pay excess if credit limit exceeded
If you carry out any card transaction which results in the credit limit
being exceeded, whether with or without our prior consent, you must
immediately pay us the amount in excess of the credit limit in such manner
and to such account as we may in our reasonable discretion direct and we
may communicate this direction to you by any means we deem fit. We
reserve the right, without prejudice to any of our rights or remedies, to
terminate your card account with reasonable notice to you.
4. FACILITIES AVAILABLE WITH THE CARD
4.1 Use during validity period
You may use the card to carry out card transactions during the validity
period specified on the card.
34.2 Operating card account via TBS
We may, in our absolute discretion, issue without your request a TBS
Access Code to allow you to operate your card account via TBS. Your use
or operation of the TBS is subject to the terms and conditions relating to
TBS then prevailing.
4.3 Card transaction by mail / telephone / facsimile / electronic mail/ internet
A request via mail, telephone, facsimile, electronic mail, internet or other means
of communication to a merchant for the supply of goods and/or services to be
charged to the card account, whether made or authorized by you and whether a
sales draft, voucher or document is signed by you, is a valid card transaction and
we will debit your card account with such card transaction.
4.4 Cash advance within given limit
You may obtain cash advances up to such limit as we may determine.
4.5 Cash advance subject to fees and charges
Each cash advance obtained is subject to the fees and charges calculated
according to clause 10.
4.6 Prohibited use of card
(a) You must not use the card, and/or otherwise operate the card account
to pay the current balance.
(b) You shall not use and we will not permit the card to be used to effect any
card transaction which would contravene the laws of any jurisdiction.
5. ISSUANCE OF POINTS
5.1 Under the Program, cardmembers will receive, on a monthly basis, Points
which will be credited to his card account at the rate of 1 Point for every S$1
charged to his card account for retail purchases:
5.2 Points shall be calculated on the amount of each retail purchase
transaction and rounded to the nearest Point. Any refunded retail charges
from the pre-termination of any easy/ extended payment plans (EPP) will
not be accredited Points. The bank will be entitled to claw back from the
card account of a cardmember any Points already credited to such card
account in respect of refunded retail purchases and refunded tax on retail
purchases.
5.3 In determining the amount of retail purchases for purposes of calculation of
Points, the following transactions/charges shall not be taken into account
and will not earn any Points:
(i) annual fees, interest charges, late payment charges, GST, cash
advances, instalment/easy/extended/equal payment plans, preferred
payment plans, balance transfers, cash advances, quasi-cash
transactions, all fees charged by Citibank or third party, miscellaneous
charges imposed by Citibank (unless otherwise stated in writing by
Citibank);
(ii) funds transfers using the card as source of funds;
(iii) bill payments (including via Citibank Online or via any other channel or
agent);
(iv) payments to educational institutions;
(v) payments to government institutions and services (including but
not limited to court cases, fines, bail and bonds, tax payment, postal
services, parking lots and garages, intra-government purchases);
(vi) payments to insurance companies (sales, underwriting, and
premiums);
(vii) payments to financial institutions (including banks and brokerages);
(viii) payments to non-profit organizations;
(ix) betting or gambling (including lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, off-
track betting, and wagers at race tracks) through any channel;
(x) any top-ups or payment of funds to payment service providers, prepaid
cards and any prepaid accounts;
(xi) transit-related transactions; and
(xii) transactions performed at establishments/businesses/merchants
that fall within an excluded Merchant Category or a merchant that has
been excluded by the bank, as set out in
(you acknowledge that this list of excluded Merchant Categories or
merchants may be updated from time to time at our discretion and you
agree to refer to this list for any updates);
provided always that the bank is entitled, in its reasonable discretion, to
take into account or disregard any card transaction or charges or retail
purchase in the calculation of Points or to otherwise vary the basis of
calculation of Points. Any Points earned from any of the above transactions
will be debited.
5.4 During each Points Validity Period, the cardmember will receive Points
based on the amount of retail purchases made during that Points Validity
Period and the cardmember may use the Points in their account to
4redeem any Rewards at any time during that Points Validity Period. Points
accumulated in any 1 Points Validity Period shall not be carried forward to
subsequent Points Validity Period. Any Points which are not used as at the
last day of a Points Validity Period shall be available for use for a further 1
month; thereupon such unused Points shall be automatically cancelled
and shall not thereafter be available for use by the cardmember nor be
reinstated.
5.5 The accumulation and usage of Points shall be specified in the monthly
statement of account. Points are not transferable and not exchangeable
for cash or credit.
5.6 Points earned by a supplementary cardmember, if applicable, will be
credited to the card account of the basic cardmember
5.7 Cardmembers who wish to redeem their Points for cash rebates can only
do so via channels approved by the bank. The rebate will be reflected as a
credit in the statement of account and is not to be taken as a payment in
reduction of the minimum payment due.
5.8 If a cardmember terminates his card account, any accumulated Points shall
be automatically forfeited; such Points shall not be transferable to any
other card account.
5.9 If the principal cardmember’s card account is terminated for any reason,
whether by the principal cardmember or by Citibank, the principal
cardmember and supplementary cardmember, if applicable, will forthwith
be disqualified from participating in the Program and all Points then
accumulated shall automatically be forfeited.
5.10 If a supplementary card, if applicable, is terminated at any time for any
reason, the principal cardmember will not be disqualified from participating
in the Program.
5.11 For the avoidance of doubt, in this clause, the terms “card” or “cards”
refer to the card(s) which earns Points and the terms “cardmember” or
“cardmembers” refer to the cardmember(s) of such card(s).
6. AS THE CITI REBATE PROGRAM HAS CEASED, THIS CLAUSE HAS
BEEN REMOVED
7. OTHER CONDITIONS
7.1 The bank is entitled in its reasonable discretion, at any time and from
time to time with reasonable notice, to vary the Rewards or substitute any
Reward with another of a similar value.
7.2 The bank may at any time vary, modify or amend these terms and conditions
as it may, in its reasonable discretion, think fit, and the cardmember shall
be bound by such variations and amendments.
7.3 Any abuse or fraud in respect of the issuance of Points, or redemption of
Rewards (including any Points transfer to designated airlines’ programmes),
may result in the cancellation of accrued Points, and any Rewards Voucher
already issued.
7.4 You will be entitled to participate in the Program if your card account is in
good standing, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
7.5 Without prejudice to any of the bank’s rights and remedies, the bank is
entitled, at any time, in its reasonable discretion and with reasonable
notice, to terminate the Program or withdraw, cancel or invalidate any
Reward, and/or Points already issued.
7.6 The bank is not liable if it is unable to perform its obligations under these
terms and conditions, due directly or indirectly to the failure of any machine
or communication system, industrial dispute, war, Act of God, or anything
outside the control of the bank or its servants or agents. The bank shall not
be responsible for any delay in the transmission to the bank of evidence of
retail purchases by the participating merchants or any other third party.
7.7 Save in the case of gross negligence or wilful default, the bank shall not be
liable for any errors, delays, omissions in the performance of its obligations
under these terms and conditions.
7.8 The bank’s records of all matters relating to the Program are conclusive and
binding on the cardmember. The bank is entitled, for any reason and at any
time, without liability, to suspend the calculation or accrual of Points, to
rectify any errors in the calculation, or otherwise adjust such calculation.
7.9 The bank’s decision on all matters relating to the Program is final and
binding on the cardmember.
7.10 Any redemption of any Reward shall be governed by the Citi ThankYou
Rewards Program Terms and Conditions as amended from time to time.
58. STATEMENT OF ACCOUNT
8.1 Sending periodic statement of account
We will send you a statement of account on a monthly or other periodic
basis as we deem fit but we may not send you a statement of account
for any period during which your card account is inactive or has been
terminated.
8.2 Statement is conclusive and binding
You must inspect and examine the statement of account and notify us of
any irregularity or error in the statement of account within 10 days from
the date of the statement of account, failing which the statement of
account is conclusive evidence of your liability in respect of the amounts
stated therein save for our manifest or clerical error, provided that we are
entitled, at any time and without liability, to rectify any irregularity or error
in the statement of account.
9. PAYMENT
9.1 Current balance debited to card account
We will debit the current balance to your card account.
9.2 Liability for current balance
Without prejudice to clause 9.5, you are liable to pay the current balance shown
on a statement of account to be outstanding as at the date of that statement of
account. You may, however, pay less than the specified current balance but you
must pay at least the minimum payment (calculated according to clause 9.3),
which we must receive on or before the payment due date.
9.3 Minimum Payment and Overlimit Amount
Minimum Payment Amount
Current Minimum Payment
Balance
S$0 to <S$25 Current Balance
>=S$25 The minimum payment amount is specified in your
statement of account and is computed by taking
greater of –
(a) (i) 1% of the current balance; plus
(ii) 1% of any outstanding unbilled instalment
amounts; plus
(iii) all interest charges (including interest charged
under our instalment plans); plus
(iv) all upfront service fees for our instalment
plans; plus
(v) late payment charges;
or
(b) S$25;
plus any overdue amounts.
Overlimit Amount
The overlimit amount is specified in your statement of account and refers
to the balance (including any unbilled balances) in excess of your credit
limit and must be paid immediately. The overlimit amount is in addition to
the minimum payment amount.
9.4 Pay interest and charges if current balance not paid in full
If we do not receive the current balance specified in the statement of
account in full on or before the payment due date, you must pay us the
fees, interests and charges specified in clause 10.
9.5 Pay total outstanding balance upon our demand
Notwithstanding and without prejudice to any other terms and conditions
of this agreement, you must pay within the period notified to you, total
outstanding balance upon our demand which we may make at any time.
9.6 Payment to be made in full
You must pay us all sums due under this agreement in full without any
deduction or withholding (whether in respect of set off, counterclaim, taxes,
charges or otherwise) unless the deduction or withholding is required by law.
If a deduction or withholding is required by law, you must immediately pay us
an additional amount so that we receive an amount equal to the full amount
which we would have received had no such deduction or withholding been
made; and you must furnish us an official receipt of the relevant authority
involved for all amounts so deducted or withheld.
69.7 To pay GST
Without prejudice to clause 9.6, you must pay, in addition to all other
sums payable under this agreement, any goods and services tax (“GST”,
which expression includes any tax of a similar nature that may be
substituted for it or levied in addition to it by whatever name called) which
may be imposed by law, in respect of any sums payable to or received or
receivable by us or any expenses incurred by us in connection with this
agreement (except to the extent prohibited by law); and we will debit the
same to your card account.
9.8 Payment in Singapore dollars
You must pay us all sums due under this agreement in Singapore dollars.
If we receive a payment in a currency other than Singapore dollars, we
will convert it to Singapore dollars at such time and rate of exchange
as we may in our reasonable discretion adopt in accordance with our
usual practice. You must bear all exchange risks, and reasonably incurred
losses, commission, fees and charges which may thereby arise.
9.9 Transactions in Foreign Currencies and Transactions Processed Outside
Singapore
a. Foreign currency transactions
(i) Card transactions (including online and overseas transactions)
effected in US dollars will be converted into Singapore dollars.
Card transactions effected in foreign currencies other than US
dollars will be converted to US dollars before being converted
into Singapore dollars, except for Australian dollars on Visa
cards which will be converted into Singapore dollars directly. The
conversion will take place on the date on which the transaction
is received and recorded by us (“posting date”). The currency
conversion will be based on our prevailing foreign exchange
rate or an exchange rate determined by VISA or Mastercard
International depending on whether the conversion is done by us,
VISA or Mastercard International.
(ii) In addition, the card transaction will be subject to an
administrative fee of up to 3.25% on the converted Singapore
dollar amount if processed by VISA or Mastercard International
or such other rate(s) as determined by us and notified to you.
b. Dynamic Currency Conversion
(i) If your card transaction (including online and overseas
transactions) is converted into Singapore dollars via dynamic
currency conversion (a service offered at certain ATMs and
merchants which allows a cardmember to convert a transaction
denominated in a foreign currency to Singapore Dollars at the
point of withdrawal/sale), you acknowledge that the process of
conversion and the exchange rates applied will be determined
by the relevant ATM operator, merchant or dynamic currency
conversion service provider, as the case may be. You acknowledge
that we do not determine whether a card transaction will be
converted into Singapore dollars via dynamic currency conversion
and, where your card transaction is for a retail purchase, you
may have to check with the relevant merchant whether such
conversion was done.
(ii) In addition, the card transaction will be subject to an
administrative fee of 1% levied by VISA/Mastercard International
on the converted Singapore dollar amount if it is a VISA/
Mastercard International card transaction.
c. Singapore Dollars transactions processed outside Singapore
If the Singapore Dollars card transaction (including online transactions)
is effected:
(i) with a local merchant whose payments are processed through an
overseas intermediary; or
(ii) with a merchant who is registered as an overseas merchant
regardless of its actual location,
such card transaction will be subject to an administrative fee of 1% on
the transaction amount if the card transaction is processed by VISA/
Mastercard International.
This charges will be charged on card transactions including but not
limited to any VISA/Mastercard International retail card transaction
presented in foreign currency that you choose to pay in Singapore
Dollars at point-of-sale via dynamic currency conversion or any online
VISA/Mastercard International retail card transaction in Singapore
Dollars which was processed outside Singapore. You may have to
check with the relevant merchant whether such transaction was
processed outside Singapore.
79.10 Refund or credit
We will be entitled to credit any account that you maintain with us
(including any deposit account or other card account) with any refund
in respect of any Card Transaction or any payment or other credit due
to you at such time as we may determine in accordance with our usual
practice after our receipt of the amount of such refund, payment or credit
in Singapore. If such refund, payment or credit is received in a currency
other than Singapore dollars, we will convert it to Singapore dollars at such
time and rate of exchange as we may in our reasonable discretion adopt in
accordance with our usual practice. If such refund, payment or credit is
credited into any card account that you maintain with us, the same shall
not be remitted to you unless we otherwise determine but shall be applied
towards the full or partial discharge of any current balance on such card
account.
9.11 Payments to merchants
You acknowledge and agree that:
a. where any of your card transactions or the adding/provisioning of your
card into any third party digital wallet has been authenticated by way
of an OTP sent to your registered mobile number with us or to your
Citi Mobile Token (where applicable) or by such other authentication
methods as allowed by Citibank, any transactions so authenticated
will be considered as authorised by you and you shall be liable for these
card transactions and any card transactions made using the card
so added/provisioned in the third party digital wallet. Accordingly,
you agree to ensure that you will keep your OTP confidential and not
disclose your OTP to anyone. The card transactions referred to above
include transactions at 3DS merchants where “3DS” refers to the
3-Domain Secure protocol which is used by banks to authenticate
online card transactions. Cardmembers can recognize the participating
3DS merchants by the logo of the 3DS schemes such as Visa’s Verified-
by-Visa and MasterCard SecureCode; and
b. (i) where you have stored your card-on-file with a merchant or
otherwise provided your card details to a merchant for payment
purposes (including recurring payments); or
(ii) where you have added your card details to any digital checkout
solution offered by a merchant/relevant card association
(including but not limited to Click to Pay) for payment purposes;
and your card details have been tokenized by the relevant card
association in connection with the above, your card can continue
to be used for payment to such merchants in accordance with your
instructions to such merchants, even if your card has been renewed/
replaced close to expiry or replaced due to it being damaged.
Accordingly, you agree to be liable for these card transactions
notwithstanding any change in the expiry date of your card. You
acknowledge that you will need to check with your merchant/
digital checkout solution provider whether your card details have
been tokenized. If you do not wish for your card to be charged by the
merchant as set out above, please contact the relevant merchant/
digital checkout solution provider directly to remove your card details.
10. INTEREST AND CHARGES
10.1 If we do not receive your full payment of the current balance specified in
the statement of account on or before the payment due date, you must
pay daily interest at the rate of S$3.00 per month or 2.34% per month,
whichever is the greater, on:-
(a) the amount of each unpaid card transaction, or part thereof, listed
in the current statement of account, from the date each such card
transaction was effected until the date of the current statement of
account; and
(b) the current balance specified in the statement of account, from the
date of the statement of account until the day before the date when we
receive payment of the current balance (entirely or partly); and
(c) the current balance specified in the statement of account less any
partial payment, from the date of such partial payment to the date
of the next statement of account or the date when we receive full
payment of the current balance, whichever is the earlier; and
(d) the amount of each card transaction debited to the card account
after the date of the statement of account, from the date each such
card transaction was effected until the date of the next statement
of account or the date when we receive full payment of the current
balance, whichever is the earlier.
10.2 You must also pay:-
8(a) Late payment charge
a monthly late payment charge at a rate(s) determined by us and
notified to you from time to time if we do not receive your full payment
of the minimum payment amount specified in the statement of
account on or before the payment due date; and
(b) Annual fee
a non-refundable annual fee; and
(c) Card renewal/replacement fee
a handling fee for the renewal or replacement of the card; and
(d) Handling fee for dishonoured check/payment order
a handling fee of S$25.00 if any check or other payment order tendered
as payment to us is dishonoured for any reason; and
(e) Fee for foreign currency payment
a handling fee for any foreign currency payment tendered to us; and
(f) Interest on cash advance and quasi-cash transactions
interest calculated at the rate of 2.34% per month (subject to a
minimum charge of S$3.00 per month) on each cash advance or quasi-
cash transaction from the date of the cash advance or quasi-cash
transaction, as the case may be, until we receive full payment; and
(g) Cash advance fee
a cash advance fee in respect of each cash advance you obtained
calculated at the rate of S$15 or 8% of the amount drawn, whichever is
higher; and
(h) Administrative fee for production of documents
an administrative fee for our production or copying at your request,
calculated as follows :-
Administrative fee
Document
Administrative
sales draft:
(i) current to 2 months old S$ 5.00
(ii) more than 2 months to 1 year old S$ 15.00
statement of account:
(i) current to 2 months old S$ 0.00
(ii) more than 2 months to 1 year old S$ 15.00
(iii) more than 1 year to 5 years old S$ 30.00
(iv) more than 5 years old S$100.00
(i) Service charge/administrative fee
a service charge or administrative fee for any service or facility provided
by us or any action taken by us in carrying out any of your instructions
and/or requests relating to your card account, whether such service or
action is referred to or contemplated in this agreement or otherwise;
and
(j) Overlimit fee
an overlimit fee of S$40 if the total outstanding balance on your
account exceeds your credit limit.
(k) Paper Statement fee
a monthly fee of S$1 will be charged to your account for paper
statements of account
(l) Branch Service fee
Service fee of S$10.90 (inclusive of 9% GST) is charged (on a per account
basis) for each payment made to your Citi credit card account(s) over
the counter at Citibank branches.
10.3 Variation of interest and charges
We are entitled, in our reasonable discretion, to vary or determine, at
any time and from time to time, the amounts, rates, types and/or basis
of calculation of all interests, fees and charges payable by you under
this agreement after giving reasonable notice. Without prejudice to the
foregoing, such notice of changes of interests, fees and charges may be
contained in the statement of account, which shall be effective from such
date as we may specify. We may debit the same to your card account and/
or request that you pay the same on demand as we may deem fit.
10.4 Payment of interest
All interests and charges provided by this agreement to be payable by
you are calculated on a 365/366 (leap year)-day year; and payable by you
after as well as before judgment.
11. PIN AND USE AT ATM
11.1 Issue of PIN
We may in our absolute discretion issue a PIN to you and/or permit you
to select or change the PIN via TBS. We may send you the PIN by ordinary
post at your sole risk.
911.2 Not to disclose PIN
You must not disclose the PIN and must take all care to prevent the PIN
from being disclosed to any other person.
11.3 Liability for all card transactions
Subject to clause 12.3, you are liable for all card transactions effected by
the use of the card at an ATM whether with or without your knowledge or
authority, save in the case of our or our employees’ fraud, gross negligence
or wilful default.
11.4 Change/terminating use of PIN
We are entitled at our reasonable discretion to change or terminate your
use of the PIN at any time after giving reasonable notice.
12. LOSS/THEFT/DISCLOSURE
12.1 Duty to prevent loss, theft and fraud
You must keep the card in a safe and secure place and ensure that the
PIN and the TBS Access Code are not disclosed to any third party or kept
with the card and you must take all steps and precaution to prevent any
forgery, fraud, loss or theft in respect of or in relation to the card, the PIN
and the TBS Access Code.
12.2 Loss/theft/disclosure
If your card is lost, stolen or used by any other person or your PIN and/ or
TBS Access Code is disclosed to any other person, you must:-
(a) immediately notify us; and
(b) furnish to us a statutory declaration in such form as we will specify and/
or a police report and/or any other information we may require.
12.3 Liability for all card transactions
You are liable for all unauthorized card transactions, whether they are
effected as a result of the unauthorized use of the card, the PIN and/ or
the TBS Access Code or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your
liability for all unauthorized transactions on your card which are effected
prior to you notifying us shall be limited to S$100 provided:-
(a) you have fully complied with clauses 12.1 and 12.2;
(b) you assist in the investigations and recovery; and
(c) we are satisfied that such unauthorized card transactions are not due
to your negligence and that you have not acted fraudulently.
12.4 Recovery of lost or stolen card
If the lost or stolen card is recovered, you must immediately return to us
the card cut in half without using it. You must not use the PIN and/ or the
TBS Access Code after reporting to us that the PIN and/or the TBS Access
Code has been disclosed to a third party.
12.5 Issue of new card/PIN
We may, in our absolute discretion, issue a replacement card or a new PIN
upon such terms and conditions as we may deem fit.
13. TERMINATION OF CARD ACCOUNT
13.1 Your option to terminate
You may terminate your card account if you:-
(a) give us notice of termination; and
(b) return to us the card cut in half; and
(c) pay us the total outstanding balance in full (including the amount
of any card transaction which you have carried out but which has
not been debited to your card account before we receive your
card), provided that such termination will only take effect after our
receipt of the card and full payment of the total outstanding balance
including any Collected Amount, interest, charges and fees due or
funds required to be made by Law or Regulation.
13.2 Our right of termination
We are entitled in our reasonable discretion, at any time and after giving
reasonable notice but without giving any reason and without any liability,
to terminate your card account and/or to demand immediate payment of
the total outstanding balance, whether or not you are in default of this
agreement and whether or not the total outstanding balance is due. If we
terminate your card account for any reason, you must:-
(a) immediately return to us the card cut in half; and
(b) pay the total outstanding balance in full (including such card
transaction which you have carried out but which has not been debited
to your card account before we receive your card).
13.3 Our rights not prejudiced
Our rights and remedies shall not be determined, affected or prejudiced
by, and the total outstanding balance shall immediately become due and
payable in the event of your bankruptcy, insanity, death or other legal
disability, and you or your representative shall be bound to immediately
return to us the card cut in half, and pay the total outstanding balance
10in full (including all liabilities incurred by you or notified to us after such
occurrence of any of the foregoing events).
13.4 Obligations continue
We will not refund you the annual or other fees in respect of your card
account in the event of the termination of the card account by either party
and your obligations and liabilities under this agreement will continue
notwithstanding the termination of your card account by either party for
any reason.
14. CARDMEMBER BELOW 21 YEARS OLD
The following provisions are applicable if the cardmember is below 21
years old on the date the cardemmber accepts and agrees to the terms
and conditions of this agreement.
14.1 Consent of parent
(a) In allowing the cardmember to sign on or use the card, the parent
consents and agrees to a card account being opened for and the
card being issued to the cardmember until the said card account is
terminated, upon the terms and conditions of this agreement.
(b) Without prejudice to the generality of this clause, the parent expressly
consents and agrees, on behalf of the cardmember, to the release,
disclosure and/or other use of information relating to the cardmember
as set out in clause 13 of this agreement.
14.2 Communication and Service of Documents
The provisions of clause 14 of this agreement shall apply to the parent,
where appropriate.
15. DISCRETION
15.1 May not allow card transactions
Without prejudice to any of our rights and remedies, we are entitled to,
at any time in our reasonable discretion and without giving any reason or
notice, refuse to approve any proposed card transaction notwithstanding
that the total outstanding balance, if the proposed card transaction was
debited to the card account, would not have exceeded the credit limit.
15.2 Allowing total outstanding balance to exceed credit limit
Without prejudice and notwithstanding the other provisions of this
agreement, we may:
(a) allow or approve any card transaction; and
(b) impose such fees and charges, even if such action will result in the total
outstanding balance exceeding the credit limit.
15.3 Suspension of card account
Notwithstanding and without prejudice to the other provisions of this
agreement, we are entitled at any time in our absolute discretion from a
risk management perspective and if required by the relevant authority
or under any Law or Regulation, without notice to you and without giving
any reason, suspend your right to use the card entirely or in respect of
specified facilities.
15.4 Discretion in relation to card/facilities
Notwithstanding and without prejudice to the other provisions of this
agreement, we are entitled to, at any time in our reasonable discretion
with notice and without giving any reason :-
(a) increase or decrease the credit limit; and/or
(b) refuse to re-issue, renew or replace the card; and/or
(c) introduce, amend, vary, terminate or withdraw all or any of the
benefits, services, facilities and privileges in respect of or in
connection with your card account and your being a cardmember
(e.g. preferential interest rate balance transfer programs,
instalment plans, exclusive invitations to events, access to health,
travel, credit balance repayment insurance offered in collaboration
with key insurance companies) whether specifically relating to
you or generally to all cardmembers. Updated information on the
benefits, services, facilities and privileges will be provided by us via
such means as we deem appropriate including via our online portal
.
15.5 Change of card account number
(a) We may at your request or at any time without incurring any liability
or giving any reason, and upon giving you notice, change your card
account number; and issue a replacement card; and transfer the total
outstanding balance and all credits (if any) from your original card
account to the new card account. After we have given you such notice,
you must immediately return to us the card cut in half.
(b) Your obligations and liabilities under this agreement will not be affected
or prejudiced by such change of your card account and this agreement.
You may be required to re-establish your direct debit authorizations /
11GIRO instructions by providing your new card account number to the
relevant billing organization and/or by providing updated instructions
to us as we may require. In such instances, Citibank will not be liable
for any damage, loss, claims which may arise from your failure to do the
above.
15.6 Discretion to handle credit balance in card account
We shall be entitled to pay the credit balance (if any) on the card account
to the basic cardmember (or to the basic cardmember’s executor(s) or
administrator(s) in the event of the basic cardmember’s death) and shall
not be obligated to enquire about the beneficial rights to such funds.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing and subject to clause
18.2, if the credit balance on the card account is at any time more than
S$30,000 (or such other amount as we may from time to time in our
discretion determine), we shall be entitled to:
(i) transfer all or any part of such credit balance on the card account by
way of funds transfer to any of the basic cardmember’s account(s) with
us, including banking account(s), provided that if any account(s) that
the basic cardmember has an outstanding balance(s), such funds will
be applied to set-off such outstanding balance(s) first; or
(ii) pay all or any part of such credit balance by such mode as we determine
appropriate including by way of cheque or cashier’s order to the basic
cardmember.
15.7 Wrongful credit
Notwithstanding any statements of account or notices sent by us to
you, we have the right, in our reasonable discretion, to reverse any entry,
demand refund of and/or debit your card account in respect of any
overpayment or wrongful credit into your card account.
16. RELEASE OF INFORMATION
16.1 Disclosing information relating to you
We may, whenever we consider it in our interest, at any time and without
liability to you, whether before or after termination of your Card account,
disclose any information relating to you or any Card transaction or your
Card account or any other account which you may have with us (including
information we obtain from third parties such as any credit bureau
recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) under or
pursuant to the Banking Act (Chapter 19)), to any third party as we may
deem fit at our reasonable discretion, including, without prejudice to
the generality of the foregoing, Citibank, N.A.’s branches, subsidiaries
and affiliates worldwide, our servants, agents, correspondents, and/or
independent contractors; any person authorized by you to operate your
Card account; any person involved in facilitating, effecting, processing
or providing any facilities or services in respect of or in connection
with your Card account and/or this agreement; any merchant, bank
or financial institution; any government agency, statutory board or
authority in Singapore or elsewhere; and any other person to whom we
consider it in our interest to make such disclosure. Without prejudice to
the generality of the foregoing, where we are a member of, or subscriber
for the information sharing services of, any credit bureau recognized by
the MAS under or pursuant to the Banking Act (Chapter 19), you expressly
authorize:-
(a) us to transfer and disclose to any such credit bureau; and
(b) any such bureau to transfer and disclose to any fellow member or
subscriber as may be recognized as such by MAS, any information
relating to you and/or your Card account and/or any other account
which you may have with us (and for such purposes) as may be
permitted under of pursuant to the Banking Act (Chapter 19).
16.2 Permission for disclosure/Privacy
You agree that your signing of the card application form shall constitute
your written permission for any such disclosure for the purposes of
Section 47 and the Third Schedule of the Banking Act (Chapter 19) or for
any other disclosure required by Law or Regulation.
You agree to the terms of, and that we may collect, use and disclose
personal data in the manner and for the purposes as described in the
Privacy Circular, which is deemed to be incorporated by reference into this
clause 16.2. Further, if you are a foreign national/resident and where a data
privacy circular applicable to your country of nationality/residency has
been prepared by Citi (whether now or in the future) to address applicable
data privacy requirements, you acknowledge that you agree to the terms
of such data privacy circular as set out in the Citibank Singapore Website
(Website Footer > Privacy) which may be updated by Citi from time to time.
For the purpose of complying with applicable Law or Regulation, you
agree to waive any bank secrecy, privacy or data protection rights related
to your card account.
1217. COMMUNICATION AND SERVICE OF DOCUMENTS
17.1 Sending communication to you
(a) We may send all communication to you by leaving it at, or by
sending it by ordinary post to, your last known address (whether
within or outside Singapore and whether such address is a Post
Office Box or is a place of residence or business) or by facsimile
transmission to your facsimile number as may be provided to us or
to our solicitors. Notwithstanding the above, we may also contact
you via telephone, electronic mail, short message service provided
by telecommunications providers, or such other means, to provide
you with account related information (including informing you about
your account payment status). You shall inform us upon receipt of
communication that is garbled, incomplete or inaccurate or which is
not intended for you and you agree to delete all such information from
your equipment immediately
(b) You acknowledge that we will send Alerts to you via email and/or
SMS and/or push notification to an email address and/or mobile
number as provided by you (according to your Alerts preference), in
real time or on a batched basis, and that in addition to the duties set
out at Clause 22.8(b) below, you acknowledge and agree that:
(i) you will provide updated and accurate account contact details
for us to send you Alerts (in accordance with your Alerts
preferences);
(ii) you shall enable and monitor Alerts;
(iii) your receipt of Alerts is subject to other conditions not within
our control including whether your internet and/or mobile
phone operator is able to support the service;
(iv) We will not be liable for any loss damage suffered or incurred
by you arising from or in connection with your failure to comply
with any of your duties in relation to these Alerts or your failure
to receive any Alerts.
(v) We will not be liable for or any failure, suspension, cessation,
delay, disruption, errors, defects or fault in third party
equipment, software, hardware, Internet, Internet browsers,
online networks, Internet service providers, telecommunication
service providers or other service providers, telecommunication,
computer or other electronic equipment or system.
17.2 When communication deemed to be received by you
All communication is deemed to have been received by you on the date of
delivery if it is delivered by hand; or on the date immediately after the date
of posting if it is sent by post (notwithstanding that it may be returned
to us undelivered); or at the time of transmission if sent by facsimile
transmission, electronic mail and/or SMS.
17.3 Communication to us
(a) Unless otherwise provided in this agreement, all communication,
requests and instructions from you may be personally delivered to us
in writing; or sent by registered post, electronic mail or SMS to us in
accordance with our prescribed verification procedure prevailing at the
time.
(b) Notwithstanding the aforesaid, we are entitled in our absolute
discretion to rely and act on any communication, which we in our
sole discretion believe to have been given, made or authorized by you,
whether or not given with your consent or authority and whether it
is given or made orally (whether in person or over the telephone and
whether or not via TBS); or by facsimile transmission , telex , cable
electronic mail or SMS; or by other means of communication; and any
act on our part pursuant to such communication, will be binding on you
notwithstanding that it may not have been given by you or with your
consent or authority.
(c) We may in good faith and without any liability to you, regard any
communication given by you which are referable to you in accordance
with our prescribed verification procedure prevailing at that time
as authentic and duly authorised and shall be under no obligation
to investigate the authenticity or authority of persons sending or
purporting to send the communication or to verify the accuracy and
completeness thereof. We may, at our discretion, provide for additional
security measures or verification procedures, including but not limited
to, specific electronic mail and/or SMS confirmatory authorisation. The
communication given by you to us shall be deemed to be irrevocable
and binding on you notwithstanding that they may be given in error,
lack clarity or reasonably capable of being misunderstood inaccurate
or incomplete. You shall inform us immediately upon your awareness
of and/or knowledge of any communication which is unauthorised,
given in error, forged, fraudulent, unclear or reasonably capable of
being misunderstood, garbled, inaccurate or incomplete and rectify
the same promptly.
13(d) Unless otherwise provided in this agreement, all communication
from you will take effect only after one (1) business day or such other
period as determined in our reasonable discretion after the actual
receipt by our relevant officers in charge of the subject matter of such
communication.
(e) We will not be liable for any loss or damage suffered or incurred by you
howsoever or whatsoever arising from or in connection with:
(i) any use of electronic mail or SMS services; or
(ii) any failure to follow prevailing instructions, procedures,
form and directions prescribed by us for the provision of any
communication to us; or
(iii) any failure to use electronic mail services and/or SMS procedures
or forms which are prescribed by us; or
(iv) any failure, suspension, interruption, cessation, delay, disruption,
errors, defects or fault in third party equipment, software,
hardware, Internet, Internet browsers, online networks, Internet
service providers, telecommunication service providers or
other service providers, telecommunication, computer or other
electronic equipment or system; or
(v) any failure, suspension, interruption, cessation, delay, disruption,
errors, defects or fault in the transmission of communication to us
or authorizations or acknowledgements from us or any wrongful
interception of any communication through any online networks,
Internet service providers, telecommunication service providers
or other service providers, telecommunication, computer or
other electronic equipment or system whether or not owned,
operated or maintained by you, us or any other person beyond our
reasonable control; or
(vi) any delay or refusal by us, in our reasonable discretion, to execute
any communication that may be validly be given by you or
authenticated by you including for reasons due to applicable law;
or
(vii) any capacity inadequacies, network vulnerabilities, control
weaknesses, security shortcomings, malicious attacks and
hacking incidents (except in the case of our fraud, gross
negligence or wilful default); or
(viii) any corruption or loss of any data or communication stored in
any equipment or in the course of transmission thereof through
online networks, Internet service providers, telecommunication
service providers or other service providers, telecommunication,
computer or other electronic equipment or system including
any errors generated in the transmission of any communication
beyond our reasonable control; or
(ix) our failure to acknowledge any communication sent by you to us;
or
(x) your provision of wrong or inaccurate information including your
mailing address, electronic mail address or mobile phone number
to us or your failure to update us of any change or proposed
change in your electronic mail address or mobile phone number;
or
(xi) your failure to regularly check for correspondence from us in
accordance with clause 17.1.
17.4 Notify changes of particulars
You must notify us promptly if:-
(a) you intend to reside outside Singapore; and/or
(b) there is any change or proposed change in the particulars which you
have given to us (including but not limited to your name, identification
numbers, mailing, home, electronic mail or office address, your home,
office, facsimile, telephone number including mobile phone number,
and your employment), and you must immediately provide us with any
or other information and documents as we may require from time to
time in our absolute discretion.
17.5 Service of legal process
(a) We may serve a writ of summons, statement of claim or other legal
process or any other document requiring personal service in respect
of any action or proceedings under this agreement on you by leaving
it at, or sending it by pre-paid airmail, local ordinary post or local
registered post to, your last known address (whether within or outside
Singapore and whether such address is a Post Office Box or is a place
of residence or business), or by telex, facsimile or electronic mail to your
telex, facsimile or electronic mail address as may be provided to us or to
our solicitors. Nothing in this clause shall affect our right to serve legal
process in any other manner permitted by law.
(b) Such legal process or document shall be deemed to have been duly
served on you on the day it was personally delivered or transmitted
14by telex, facsimile or electronic mail or if sent by post, on the day
immediately after the posting, notwithstanding that it may be returned
to us undelivered.
17.6 Miscellaneous
Notwithstanding anything in this agreement, all communication from us
may be sent to your electronic mail address or mobile phone number as
provided by you to us. You represent that you are the registered owner on
record of the electronic mail address or mobile phone number that you
have provided to us.
17.7 Other Products and Services
As our customer, you have access to a suite of financial products and
services availed by ourselves, our affiliates and strategic partners
designed to help you address and achieve your financial needs and goals.
You agree that you can obtain information about such Products and
Services via our website and you further agree that
we can from time to time communicate information in relation to such
Products or Services to you specifically or generally to all cardmembers
via such communication mode as we consider appropriate.
“Products” refers to products which we may make available to you from
time to time, including but not limited to those products listed under
the general section in the Citibank Singapore Global Consumer Banking
Terms and Conditions entitled “PRODUCTS” and as set out in our online
portal .
“Services” refers to the services which we may make available to you
from time to time, including but not limited to those services listed under
the general section in the Citibank Singapore Global Consumer Banking
Terms and Conditions entitled “SERVICES” and as set out in our online
portal .
18. APPROPRIATION OF PAYMENT/RIGHT OF SET-OFF
18.1 Right of appropriation
(a) We shall be entitled in our reasonable discretion to apply and
appropriate all payments received by us in such a manner or order of
priority as we may deem fit, notwithstanding any specific appropriation
of such sums by you or any person making such payment. Without
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, we may apply payments
received by us in the following order of priority:
(i) all billed but unpaid interest, fees and charges;
(ii) all unpaid balance transfer balances, cash advances, instalment
plans, card transactions shown in any previous statements of
account;
(iii) all unpaid balance transfer balances, cash advances, instalment
plans, card transactions shown in the current statement of
account; and
(iv) all unpaid balance transfer balances, cash advances, instalment
plans, card transactions not yet included in any statement of
account.
(b) For each category of unpaid balances referred to in each of sub-clauses
18.1(a)(ii), (iii) and (iv):
(i) the balances with the highest applicable interest rate will be
repaid in priority to the other balances within such category; and
(ii) where the interest rate applicable to any unpaid balance transfer
balances within such category is the same, payments received
by us will reduce the balances transferred under the latest fund
transfer program (after it has been reflected in your statement
of account) first, notwithstanding that you may have unpaid
balance transfer balances from earlier fund transfer programs.
18.2 Right of set-off
(a) We may at any time and from time to time and without liability in any
way to you, combine or consolidate any one or more accounts which
you may have with us and set-off or apply any monies standing to
the credit of such accounts in or towards the discharge of the current
balance or vice versa.
(b) Where such combination, consolidation and/or set-off requires the
conversion of one currency into another, we are entitled to effect
such conversion at such time and rate of exchange in accordance with
our usual practice and you must bear all exchange risks, reasonably
incurred losses, commission and other bank charges which may
thereby arise.
19. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
19.1 Goods/services supplied by merchant
You will not hold us responsible for goods or services supplied by any
15merchant or the quality or performance of any goods or services pursuant
to or in relation to any card transaction. If you have any complaint against
any merchant (including but not limited to any claims that the merchant
had coerced or pressured you to perform the card transaction), you shall
resolve such dispute with the merchant; your liability owing to us will not
be affected by such dispute or any counterclaim or right of set-off which
you may have against such merchant. Your rights under this agreement
are not to be assigned or otherwise disposed of.
19.2 Card not accepted by merchant
You will not hold us liable in any way and you will have no claims against us
if the card is not accepted or honoured by any merchant, bank, financial
institution or any other person for any reason.
19.3 Loss/damage in connection with your card account
Save where expressly provided in this agreement, we are not liable to you
for any loss, damage, inconvenience, embarrassment, cost and expense
of any nature which in any way may be suffered or incurred by you or by any
other person in respect of or in connection with your card account and/or
this agreement, any repossession of the card or any request for its return;
any malfunction or failure of any machine or system of authorization or
transmission link or ATM; any damage or loss of the card; or any inability to
retrieve any data or information that may be stored in the card howsoever
caused.
19.4 Inability to perform our obligations
We are not liable if we are unable to perform our obligations under this
agreement, due directly or indirectly to the failure of any machine or
communication system, defect or damage of the card except in the case of
our fraud, gross negligence or wilful default, industrial dispute, war, Act of
God, or anything outside our control or the control of our Representatives.
If we are unable to produce or send a statement of account to you for any
reason whatsoever, we are not liable to you in any way and your liabilities
and obligations under this agreement will not be prejudiced and will
continue to accrue.
19.5 Act or default of agents/contractors
You agree that we have the discretion to use such agents, contractors or
correspondents as we deem fit to carry out or procure any of the matters
or transactions governed by or contemplated in this agreement, and save
where expressly provided in this agreement we are not liable to you for any
act, omission or neglect on the part of such agents, contractors and/or
correspondents.
20. INDEMNITY
20.1 Compensate us for loss/damage
You will compensate us and hold us harmless against any loss, damage,
liability, cost and expense (including legal costs) which we may reasonably
incur or suffer as a result of or in connection with your card account and/
or this agreement, including without prejudice to the generality of the
foregoing:
(a) your breach of any of your obligations under this agreement;
(b) the actual or attempted enforcement or protection of any of our rights
and remedies against you; and/or
(c) any change in any law, regulation or official directive which has an
effect on the card, the card account and/or this agreement, and the
same may be debited to your card account and/or shall be paid by you
on demand.
21. RECURRING/INSTALMENT PAYMENTS
21.1 Authorization and payment
If you use the card to purchase goods or services by instalments or to
make payments on a recurring basis, you thereby authorize us to pay such
instalments for you as they become due and you agree to make payment
for each such instalment when we debit the same to your card account.
21.2 Automatic transfer to new card account
If you are issued with a replacement card with a different card number,
you will need to re-establish any recurring payment instructions
you have with your respective billing organization(s) to avoid any
disruption to your bill payments and/or lapses in your policies (where
applicable) and we will not be liable for any loss or damages incurred
by you in connection with your failure to do such update. Further, if
your recurring payment instruction is with a Specified Organisation
named in , you agree that
we may, but are not obliged to, automatically charge your bills to such
replacement card.
1621.3 Suspension/Termination of account
If your right to use the card is suspended or your card account is
terminated, we may at our option and without prejudice to any of our
rights and remedies, stop paying the said instalments for you, or bill the
aggregate sum of the remaining instalments to you forthwith.
21.4 Other terms and conditions
You also agree to be bound by any other specific terms and conditions
governing such recurring/instalment payment scheme. In the event
of conflict, such specific terms and conditions are to prevail over the
provisions of this clause but only to the extent necessary to give full effect
to those terms and conditions.
22. GENERAL
22.1 Change of agreement
(a) We may at any time vary, modify, add to or delete the terms and
conditions of this agreement and the Privacy Circular and we will notify
you of any such changes in such manner as we may, in our reasonable
discretion, deem fit.
(b) If you do not accept such changes, you may terminate your card
account in accordance with clause 13 within 10 days after we have
given such notice of change.
(c) If you retain or use the card or the PIN or otherwise operate the card
account after we have given such notice of change, you will be deemed
to have accepted such changes without reservation.
22.2 Rights are cumulative
The rights and remedies provided in this agreement are cumulative and
not exclusive of any other rights or remedies (whether provided by law
or otherwise).
22.3 No waiver of our rights
(a) No failure on our part to exercise and no delay on our part in exercising
any right or remedy under this agreement will operate as a waiver of
such right or remedy, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right or
remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such right or remedy or
the exercise of any other right or remedy.
(b) Any waiver by us of our rights or remedies in respect of any term of this
agreement or any breach of this agreement on your part must be in
writing and may be given subject to such terms and conditions as we
may deem fit and is effective only in the instance and for the purpose
for which it is given.
22.4 Use of artificial intelligence or data analytics
You acknowledge that we may use artificial intelligence or data analytics
(i.e. technologies that assist or replace human decision-making) whilst
providing products and services to you, for purposes including but not
limited to risk assessment, statistical, trend analysis and planning; and to
make decisions, provide, operate, process and administer your accounts
and services with us.
22.5 Record is conclusive and binding
Our records (including computer and microfilm stored records or any
other electronic records stored by us) of all matters relating to you, any
card transaction, your card and/or your card account and/or yourself
is conclusive evidence of such matters and is binding against you for all
purposes, save for manifest or clerical error, subject to our right to rectify
any error or omission therein and our right to adduce other evidence. You
hereby agree not to at any time dispute the authenticity or accuracy of
any computer output relied upon by us for any purpose whatsoever. We
may, in our absolute discretion, destroy any document relating to any
card transaction or your card account after microfilming or otherwise
recording the same in such manner as we may deem fit as well as to
destroy such microfilm and records(including any electronic records) at
any time.
22.6 Provisions are severable
Each of the terms and conditions of this agreement is severable and
distinct from one another and if at any time any one or more of the terms
and conditions of this agreement or any part thereof is or becomes invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the
remaining provisions will not thereby be affected or impaired in any way.
22.7 Recording telephone calls
You consent to our recording of your telephone calls with us (whether
made via TBS or otherwise) and for such recordings to be used for any
purpose as we deem fit including to provide evidence of instructions
and other verbal communications, for quality and training purposes, as
evidence in any proceedings against you or any other person.
1722.8 Bound by other terms and conditions
(a) You agree to be bound by all terms and conditions (“Other Terms
and Conditions”) governing the use of such facilities, benefits or
services, which may from time to time be made available to you by us
in connection with your card account, as the same may be amended
or varied and notified to you from time to time. If there is any conflict
between this agreement and the Other Terms and Conditions
(including but not limited to the Telephone Banking Service Terms
and Conditions), then subject to clause 19.3 the former will prevail and
apply and the latter will be deemed to be modified so far only as it is
necessary to give effect to the provisions of this agreement. Unless
otherwise provided by this agreement, nothing in this agreement will
affect the validity and enforceability of our rights or remedies under
the Other Terms and Conditions which will continue to apply. For the
purposes of this clause, “Alerts” refer to notification alerts for outgoing
payment transactions, activation of digital security token (which
includes our Citi Mobile App with enhanced security) and the conduct
of high-risk activities made from your card account, where the context
applies.
(b) You agree to observe the duties imposed on you under the E-Payments
User Protection Guidelines (“Guidelines”) issued by the Monetary
Authority of Singapore in connection with your card account, which
include but are not limited to the following:
(i) providing updated and accurate account contact details
(including mobile phone number and email address) for us to send
you Alerts (in accordance with your alert preferences) in real time
or on a batched basis;
(ii) enabling and monitoring Alerts. In this regard, the Guidelines
state that it is your responsibility to enable notification alerts on
any device used to receive notification alerts from the responsible
financial institution, to opt to receive all notification alerts via
SMS, email or in-app/push notifications for all outgoing payment
transactions of (any amount that is above the transaction
notification threshold), activation of digital security token (which
includes our Citi Mobile App with enhanced security) and the
conduct of high-risk activities made from your card account, and
to monitor the notification alerts sent to you. You acknowledge
that we may assume that you will monitor such notification alerts
without further reminders or repeat notifications. All reference to
“high-risk activities” in this clause refer to the definition under the
Guidelines;
(iii) (aa) not voluntarily disclosing your card account access codes
to a third party (including our staff), (bb) not disclosing your card
account access codes in a recognizable way, (cc) not keeping a
record of your card account access codes in a way that allows a
third party to easily misuse your card account access code. All
references to access codes in this clause refer to the definition
under the Guidelines;
(iv) protecting your login credentials to your card account, where
login credentials include your login ID, access code, PIN/
password, OTP or other credentials that are used to authenticate
your identity;
(v) where you use a device to access your card account, you should
(aa) download our Citi Mobile App only from official sources such
as Apple App Store or Google Play Store; (bb) update the device’s
browser to the latest version available; (cc) patch the device’s
operating systems with regular security updates provided by
the operating system provider; (dd) install and maintain the
latest anti-virus software on the device, where applicable and
(ee) use strong passwords, such as a mixture of letters, numbers
and symbols or strong authentication methods made available
by the device provider such as facial recognition or fingerprint
authentication methods; (ff) not root or jailbreak the devices
used; (gg) not download and install applications from third-party
websites outside official sources (i.e. sideload apps), in particular
unverified applications which request device permissions that
are unrelated to their intended functionalities;
(vi) reading content sent with access codes before completing
payment transactions or high-risk activities. Examples include
content sent with OTPs sent via SMS or equivalent push
notifications via the Citi Mobile App;
(vii) referring to official sources to obtain our Citibank website address
and phone number such as the MAS Financial Institutions
Directory, our Citi Mobile App or the back of your card and to
contact us using only the contact details obtained from official
sources;
(viii) not clicking on links or scan QR codes purportedly sent by us
unless you are expecting to receive information on our products
and services via these links or QR codes. You acknowledge that
we would not send you links or QR codes which directly result you
18in providing us any access code or to make a payment transaction
or high-risk activity;
(ix) reading the risk warning messages sent by us and not to perform
any high-risk activities unless you understand the risk and
implications of doing so. You agree that by proceeding to perform
the high-risk activities, you have read and understood the risks
and implications as presented by us;
(x) reporting any unauthorized activity to us (via the available
reporting channels) as soon as practicable, and no later than 30
days after receipt of any Alert for any unauthorized activity on
your card account (e.g. transactions, high-risk activities, and
the activation of a digital security token (which includes our Citi
Mobile App with enhanced security), that has not been initiated
by you or with your consent). Where such reporting is delayed, to
provide us with reasons for the delayed report;
(xi) activating our Kill Switch feature on the Citi Mobile App promptly
to block further mobile and online access to your card account
as soon as practicable after you are notified of any unauthorised
transactions and have reason to believe that your card account
has been compromised, or if you are unable to contact us;
(xii) providing us with information, upon our request, on any
unauthorized transactions within a reasonable time. As set out
in the Guidelines, information that may be requested will include
(aa) how you recorded your card account access codes and
whether you had disclosed your card account access codes to
anyone; (bb) a description of the scam incident, including details
of the communications with the suspected scammer(s); (cc)
details of the remote software downloaded (if any) as instructed
by the scammer(s); (dd) whether you had received any OTPs and/
or transaction notifications sent by us, and where applicable/
possible a confirmation from telecommunication operators to
verify the receipt status only if you are able to obtain it; and (ee)
suspected compromised applications (if any) in your device; and
(xiii) making a police report as soon as practicable if requested by us
in order to facilitate our claims investigation process and provide
that to us within 3 calendar days of our request. You further agree
to cooperate with the Police and provide evidence (for example,
you can furnish your mobile device to the Police for forensics
investigation) as far as practicable.
For the purposes of clause 22.8(b) and (c), unauthorized activity
includes an “unauthorized transaction” which in relation to your card
account, means any payment transaction initiated by any person
without your actual or imputed knowledge and implied or express
consent. This includes “seemingly authorized transactions” as defined
in the Guidelines to the Shared Responsibility Framework issued by the
MAS and the Infocomm Media Development Authority of Singapore.
For the purposes of clause 22.8(b) and (c), “payment transaction”
means the placing, transfer or withdrawal of money, whether for the
purpose of paying for goods or services or any other purpose; and
regardless of whether the intended recipient of the money is entitled
to the money, where the placing, transfer or withdrawal of money is
initiated through electronic means and where the money is received
through electronic means.
(c) You acknowledge that:
(i) Alerts will be sent for outgoing payment transactions from your
card account in accordance with your transaction notification
threshold. Where you have not set any such threshold, the default
industry-baseline transaction notification threshold will apply;
and
(ii) clause 17.1(b) applies to these Alerts.
(d) As a responsible financial institution, we will observe our duties under
the Guidelines and in the event of any inconsistency between the terms
and conditions of this agreement and the Guidelines, the Guidelines
will prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, the liability apportionment
set out in section 5 of the Guidelines does not apply to payment
transactions on credit cards issued by us in Singapore.
22.9 Tax
You agree that we, any Citigroup Organisation or Third Party Service
Provider may withhold or deduct any Collected Amount which is required
to be withheld or deducted to comply with any Law or Regulation from
any payment to you, or to or from an account that you maintain with
us. Any Collected Amount shall be timely paid to the relevant Authority
in accordance with the relevant requirement. We will notify you of any
Collected Amount as soon as reasonably practicable. You acknowledge
that we will not be required to reimburse you for any amount withheld or
deducted by a Payment Infrastructure Provider. Further, to the extent we
or any Citigroup Organisation or Third Party Service Provider pays or has
paid from its own funds or is or will become required to make a payment
to an Authority in respect of an amount that should have been, but was
19not, a Collected Amount, you will indemnify us for such payment, plus any
interest and penalties thereon. You understand and agree that we are not
required to contest any demand made by an Authority for such payment.
If you have any questions about your tax position as a result of opening an
account with us or effecting any transaction on an account with us, you
should engage an independent tax adviser as you consider appropriate.
22.10 Assignment
We may at any time in our absolute discretion assign any of our rights under
this agreement or any card account to any third party whosoever without
your consent. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, you
hereby irrevocably agree to any novation of the agreement made between
you and us hereunder and any other agreement, document, assurance
and guarantee in connection therewith (including but not limited to the
Other Terms and Conditions) or with your card account(s) or any facilities
and services available in connection with the card or securing your
obligations thereunder, and irrevocably agree that we are entitled to and
may assign or transfer absolutely to a transferee all or some of our rights,
title, interests, benefits, obligations and liabilities under the terms and
conditions of this agreement and/ or under any instrument(s) and/or any
other agreement, document, assurance and/ or guarantee in connection
therewith (including but not limited to the Other Terms and Conditions)
and/or with your card account(s) and/or any
facilities and services available in connection with the card and/or
securing your obligations thereunder. You further irrevocably agree
that any such novation, assignment or transfer may be effected by our
delivering to you a notice to that effect whereupon:
(a) our assigned or transferred rights, title, interests and benefits
thereunder shall be transferred to and assumed by the transferee,
(b) we shall thereafter be fully discharged and released from our assigned
or transferred obligations and liabilities thereunder,
(c) we shall retain all rights, title, interests, benefits, obligations and
liabilities not so assigned or transferred,
(d) the transferee shall thereafter be bound by identical rights, title,
interests, benefits, obligations and liabilities thereunder which we
assigned or transferred and
(e) any acknowledgement (including but not limited to risk disclosure
statements and acknowledgements), information (including but
not limited to information provided in respect of risk profiling),
instruction, order, direction, mandate or authority given by you to us
in relation to your card account(s), any facilities and services available
in connection with the card, this agreement, the Other Terms and
Conditions or securing your obligations thereunder may be relied
and acted upon by the assignee or transferee as if given by you to
the assignee or transferee and shall, unless and until revoked or
cancelled, apply and have effect in relation thereto. You also hereby
irrevocably undertake to execute and sign any document (if any)
which may be required to give effect to the foregoing.
22.11 Governing law
This agreement is governed by Singapore law and you hereby submit
irrevocably to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
22.12 Exclusion of Rights of Third Parties
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall confer on any third party a
right to enforce any provision herein and the provisions of the Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act (Chapter 53B) which might otherwise
be interpreted to confer such rights shall not apply and are expressly
excluded from applying herein and no consent of any third party is
required for any variation (including any release or compromise of any
liability) or termination of these terms and conditions.
22.13 U.S. Laws and Regulations
You understand that as a subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., a U.S. financial
holding company, we are required to observe certain U.S. laws and
regulations, including but not limited to those relating to economic
sanctions on certain countries, organizations and/or individuals issued
by the U.S. government. You understand and accept that these laws
and regulations may result in us taking or refraining from taking certain
actions, including but not limited to suspending or terminating your
card account(s) or holding or returning the funds which are the subject
of payment instructions made by you or in your favour. Neither Citibank
Singapore Limited nor any Citigroup Organisation will be liable for any loss
to you as a result of our taking or refraining from taking any actions (which
we consider in our sole determination, to be appropriate or requested) to
comply with any U.S. laws or regulations.
20TELEPHONE BANKING SERVICE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Before using any Telephone Banking Service, please read the terms and
conditions set out below, which govern your use of such service. By using
your TBS Access Code to operate the Telephone Banking Service, you are
accepting the terms and conditions set out below and will be bound by them.
1. DEFINITIONS
(a) In these terms and conditions, unless the context otherwise requires,
the following words when used have the following meanings
respectively set out below:-
“Account” means an account maintained by an Account Holder with
the Bank;
“Account Holder” means the person in whose name an Account is
maintained and includes, where the context requires, a supplementary
cardmember of a Citibank Visa/Mastercard credit card account;
“Bank” means Citibank Singapore Limited;
“Service Instructions” means such instructions given to the Bank via
any Telephone Banking Service;
“Telephone Banking Service” or “TBS” means any banking service
operated over the telephone (by whatever name it may be known as)
offered by the Bank, in connection with the Service Instructions and
includes but is not limited to such services respectively known as Self
Service Phone Banking and CitiPhone Banking; and
“TBS Access Code” means any code or number as may be prescribed
by the Bank to enable the Account Holder to operate any Telephone
Banking Service and includes but is not limited to such access codes
known as the Customer Identification Number (“CIN”) and/or the
Telephone Personal Identification Number (“T-PIN”) (as the case may
be).
(b) Words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa;
words importing the masculine gender include the feminine and
neuter gender and references to a person includes a sole proprietor,
partnership or company. Headings to the clauses herein are for easy
reference only and shall not be taken into account in the interpretation
of these terms and conditions.
2. USE OF TBS ACCESS CODE
(a) An Account Holder may operate the TBS in relation to his Account by
using his TBS Access Code.
(b) Any Service Instructions identified by the Account Holder’s TBS Access
Code shall be deemed to be given by the Account Holder and shall be
conclusive and binding on the Account Holder and the Account Holder
hereby authorises the Bank to act on any such Service Instructions
identified by the Account Holder’s TBS Access Code.
(c) All acts on the part of the Bank pursuant to such Service Instructions
identified by the Account Holder’s TBS Access Code shall be conclusive
and binding on the Account Holder (notwithstanding that such Service
Instructions may not have been given by the Account Holder or with his
consent or authority).
(d) Notwithstanding and without prejudice to the other terms and
conditions herein, the Bank shall be entitled (but not obliged), in its
reasonable discretion, to permit the Account Holder to operate the TBS
without the use of his T-PIN upon verifying the identity of the Account
Holder in accordance with the Bank’s prevailing prescribed procedure
at the time.
(e) Notwithstanding and without prejudice to the other terms and
conditions herein, the Bank shall be entitled, in its reasonable
discretion to refuse to act on all or any Service Instructions; and the
Bank shall be entitled in its reasonable discretion to require written
confirmation of the Account Holder’s Service Instructions (even where
identified by the Account Holder’s TBS Access Code), and to refuse
to act on any such Service Instructions unless and until such written
confirmation is received by the Bank.
(f) The use of any TBS and the TBS Access Code is also subject to the
Bank’s terms and conditions governing the type of Account or facility of
which the TBS may be operated in connection therewith and nothing in
these terms and conditions shall be construed as amending or varying
those terms and conditions.
(g) The Bank shall at its reasonable discretion, be entitled to change, de-
activate or revoke the use of the TBS Access Code at any time without
giving any reason but with reasonable notice to the Account Holder.
213. DISCLOSURE OF TBS ACCESS CODE TO THIRD PARTY
(a) The Account Holder must exercise all care to ensure that the TBS Access
Code is not disclosed to any person and shall take all steps to prevent
forgery or fraud in connection with the use of his TBS Access Code
and/or the operation of the TBS. If the TBS Access Code is disclosed to
any person, the Account Holder must forthwith give the Bank written
notice thereof, thereupon the Account Holder shall immediately cease
to use the TBS Access Code.
(b) Unless and until the Bank receives such written notice of disclosure,
the Account Holder shall be fully liable and be bound by all
transactions effected by the use of such TBS, with or without his
consent or knowledge.
4. RECORDING OF SERVICE INSTRUCTIONS
The Bank may (but shall not be obliged to) at its absolute discretion tape
or otherwise record all Service Instructions, and the Account Holder
agrees to the use of such tapes or recordings and any transcripts thereof
which the Bank may make for any purpose that the Bank deems desirable,
including their use as evidence in any proceedings against the Account
Holder or any other person.
5. BANK’S RECORD OF TRANSACTIONS
The Bank’s record of transactions in respect of and in connection with the
use and operation of TBS is conclusive and binding on the Account Holder
for all purposes whatsoever save for any manifest error or clerical error
but nothing herein shall preclude the Bank from rectifying at any time any
error, irregularity or omission therein.
6. CHANGE OF T-PIN
The Account Holder may change his T-PIN from time to time in accordance
with the Bank’s prescribed procedure then prevailing. The Bank shall be
entitled, in its reasonable discretion but without liability and without
giving any reason, to reject any selection made by the Account Holder as
his substituted T-PIN; if the Bank so approves, such substituted T-PIN,
shall take effect from the time of receipt by the Bank of such instructions
from the Account Holder. The Account Holder shall take all steps not
to select such numbers as a substitute T-PIN which may easily be
ascertained or otherwise facilitate fraud or forgery.
7. CANCELLATION OF TBS ACCESS CODE
The Account Holder may cancel his TBS Access Code by giving notice to
the Bank in writing or in any other manner as may be determined by the
Bank, and such notice shall only be effective upon actual receipt thereof
by the relevant officer-in-charge at the Bank.
8. FUND TRANSFER FACILITIES VIA TBS
The Account Holder may apply, in accordance with the Bank’s prescribed
procedure then prevailing and the Bank may, in its reasonable discretion,
permit the Account Holder to operate such fund transfer facilities via the
TBS, including without limitation, GIRO or direct debit banking system as
may be made available by the Bank from time to time. The Account Holder
acknowledges that the operation of such fund transfer facilities shall be
subject to the relevant terms and conditions governing such facilities.
9. BANK’S DISCRETION
Notwithstanding and without prejudice to any other terms and conditions
herein, the Bank shall be entitled at any time, in its reasonable discretion
and with reasonable notice, to amend, vary, withdraw, restrict, suspend
or terminate all or any of the facilities in respect of or in relation to the
TBS Access Code and/or the TBS. The Bank may, from time to time, in its
reasonable discretion, make available through the operation of TBS, such
other services and/or facilities as the Bank may deem fit.
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(a) Save in the case of the Bank’s fraud, negligence or wilful default, the
Bank shall not be liable for any loss, damage, cost or expense which
the Account Holder may suffer or incur in connection with or as a
result of the Bank acting on any Service Instructions identified by the
Account Holder’s TBS Access Code (notwithstanding that such Service
Instructions may not have been given by the Account Holder or with his
consent or authority) and the Account Holder agrees to indemnify the
Bank against any loss, damage, cost, expense and fees (including legal
fees on a full indemnity basis) which the Bank may thereby suffer or
incur.
(b) The Bank shall not be liable if it is unable to perform its obligations
under these terms and conditions due, directly or indirectly, to the
22failure of any machine or communication system, any industrial
dispute, war, Act of God or anything outside the control of the Bank, its
servants and/or agents.
(c) The Bank reserves the right to act through such agents, contractors
or correspondents as the Bank deems fit to carry out or procure any
of the matters or transactions governed by or contemplated in this
Agreement.
11. VARIATION OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The Bank may at any time amend or vary any of these terms and conditions
governing the operation or use of the TBS. The Bank shall notify the
Account Holder of any changes. If the Account Holder continues to use
or operate the TBS after the Bank has given such notice of change, the
Account Holder shall be deemed to have accepted and agreed to such
changes without reservation.
12. TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO PREVAIL
These terms and conditions herein prevail over all existing terms and
conditions relating to TBS and the TBS Access Code, in so far as and only
to the extent that such existing terms and conditions are inconsistent
with these terms and conditions herein.
13. GENERAL
(a) If any one or more of these terms and conditions or any part thereof
shall be declared to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any Law
or Regulation, it shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of
any other part thereof or any other terms and conditions herein.
(b) The remedies under these terms and conditions are cumulative and are
not exclusive of the remedies provided by law.
(c) No failure or delay to exercise or enforce the Bank’s rights, remedies
and powers shall operate as a waiver thereof and no waiver by the
Bank of a breach of any of these terms and conditions on the part of
the Account Holder shall be considered as a waiver of any subsequent
breach of the same or any other terms and conditions herein.
(d) These terms and conditions are governed by Singapore law and the
Account Holder hereby submits irrevocably to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
Printed on Feb 2025. With effect from 1 May 2025.
All published information is correct and complete at the time of printing.
Citibank cannot assume responsibility for changes which occur after printing.
Co. Reg. No. 200309485K
23