Terms & Conditions
A. ELIGIBILITY
1. Only the following categories of persons (“Eligible Persons”) are eligible to participate in the
United Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) Rewards Programme (“Programme”), subject to the
terms and conditions herein:
1.1 PrincipalCardmembers whose Credit Card accounts are valid, subsisting and in good
standing, as determined by UOB in its sole discretion; and
1.2 Individual Cardmembers under a Corporate Card account where the Corporate
Customer has not declined participation and such Corporate Card account is valid,
subsisting and in good standing as determined by UOB in its sole discretion.
2. If a Corporate Card account is terminated at any time for any reason by the Corporate
Customer or UOB, all Cardmembers of that Corporate Customer shall be disqualified from the
Programme.
3. If a Cardmember’s use of the Corporate Card is terminated by the Cardmember, the
Corporate Customer or UOB, that Cardmember alone shall be disqualified from the
Programme.
4. If the Principal Cardmember’s Credit Card account is terminated at any time for any reason,
whether by the Principal Cardmember or UOB, the Principal Cardmember and all the
Supplementary Cardmembers shall be disqualified from participating in the Programme and
all unused UNI$ then accrued shall automatically be cancelled and no longer be available for
use by the Cardmembers. Such UNI$ cannot be reinstated or transferred to any other Account
of the Cardmember.
5. If a Supplementary Card is terminated at any time for any reason, the Supplementary
Cardmember will be disqualified from participating in the Programme, but the Principal
Cardmember may continue to participate
6. If the Account of any Eligible Person is closed or terminated at any time for any reason,
whether by the Eligible Person or UOB, the Eligible Person shall be disqualified from
participating in the Programme and all unused UNI$ then accrued shall automatically be
cancelled and no longer be available for use by the Cardmember. Such UNI$ cannot be
reinstated or transferred to any other Account of the Eligible Person.
7. Notwithstanding any matters stated herein, UOB shall have the absolute discretion to determine
which Cardmember and Account shall be eligible to participate in the Programme and shall be
entitled to disqualify any Account and/or Cardmember from participating in the Programme
without giving any reasons or compensation.
B. ISSUANCE AND REDEMPTION OF UNI$
8. Only Eligible Persons are entitled to earn UNI$ as calculated and earned in the following
manner:
8.1 Cardmembers of Singtel-UOB Card, UOB One Credit Card, UOB EVOL Card, UOB JCB
Platinum Card, UOB Absolute Cashback Card, UOB Signature/World Business Card, UOB
Regal Business Metal Card and UOB Empire World Business MasterCard® Cardmembers
who opt for Cash Rebate and Cardmembers under a Corporate Customer who has opted for
the cash rebate program shall not be entitled to earn UNI$, unless otherwise stated as per
individual Card Products’ terms and conditions. New Instalments charged to a Cardmember’s
Credit Card under the UOB 0% Instalment Plan do not earn UNI$. UNI$ shall be calculated
on the value of each Card transaction effected on a daily basis and rounded down to the
nearest UNI$.8.2 Cardmembers will earn UNI$1 for every S$5 charged to their Credit Card account for Card
transactions effected using the Credit Card with the exception of the following:
• UOB Reserve Cardmembers earn UNI$4 and UNI$6 for every S$5 charged locally
and overseas respectively. For full set of terms and conditions to UNI$ earn, please
visit uob.com.sg/reserve for details.
• UOB Visa Infinite Metal Cardmembers earn UNI$3.5 and UNI$6 for every S$5
charged locally and overseas respectively. For full set of terms and conditions to UNI$
earn, please visit uob.com.sg/vimetaltncs for details.
• UOB Visa Infinite/Privilege Banking Cardmembers earn UNI$3 and UNI$5 for every
S$5 charged locally and overseas respectively. For full set of terms and conditions to
UNI$ earn, please visit www.uob.com.sg/VI-lux or www.uob.com.sg/PV-lux
respectively for details.
• UOB Empire World Business MasterCard® Cardmembers earn UNI$5 for every S$10
charged on retail purchase, UNI$7.50 for overseas spend and UNI$1 for every S$5
charged on utility, telecom and courier.
• UOB Zuellig Pharma Infinite Cardmembers earn UNI$1 for every S$10 charged on
medical spend, UNI$2.5 for every $5 charged on local spend, UNI$5 for every $5
spend on overseas spend and UNI$1 for every S$5 charged on utility spend.
• UOB PRVI Miles Cardmembers earn (i) UNI$7.5 for every S$5 spent (equivalent to 3
miles for every S$1 spend) in regional foreign currencies being Indonesian Rupiah
(IDR), Malaysian Ringgit (MYR), Thai Baht (THB) and Vietnamese Dong (VMD), (ii)
UNI$6 for every S$5 spent (equivalent to 2.4 miles for every S$1 spend) on
transactions in other foreign currencies where the payment gateway is outside of
Singapore, and (iii) UNI$3.5 for every S$5 spent on transactions in Singapore Dollars
(equivalent to 1.4 miles for every S$1 spent). Spend exclusions apply. For the full set
of terms and conditions, please visit uob.com.sg/prvi for details.
• UOB Preferred Visa Cardmembers earn up to UNI$10 per S$5 spend on Mobile
Contactless Transactions and Selected Online Transactions only. The UNI$10
consists of the basic UNI$1 earned plus an additional of bonus UNI$9. The total
bonus UNI$ awarded from qualifying spend on Mobile Contactless Transactions and
Selected Online Transactions is capped at UNI$2,160 for each calendar month, a
cap of UNI$1,080 for each category. After which, UNI$1 will be awarded per S$5
spend. “Mobile Contactless Transactions” refers collectively to: Card Transactions
made via Apple Pay, Google Pay and/or Samsung Pay (or such other mobile
payment or mobile wallet services as UOB may from time to time approve at its sole
discretion), that is effected at any Visa payWave Readers by waving the mobile
device against the Visa payWave Readers. For the avoidance of doubt, Mobile
Contactless Transactions include SimplyGo (ABT) transactions performed on public
bus and train readers. In-app transactions made via Apple Pay, Google Pay and
Samsung Pay, or any other payment or mobile wallet service do not constitute
“Mobile Contactless Transactions”. “Selected Online Transactions” refers to online
retail credit card transactions (whether made locally or overseas) via shopping
website for the purchase of goods or services (for apparels, bags, shoes,
accessories, discount and drug stores, electronics, supermarkets, dining, food
delivery, entertainment and ticketing) made available by any merchant. Spend
exclusions apply. For the full set of terms and conditions, please visit
uob.com.sg/preferred for details.
• UOB Visa Signature Cardmembers earn up to: (i) UNI$10 for every S$5 spent on
transactions in foreign currencies, including online transactions in foreign currencies
(with payment gateway outside Singapore), subject to a minimum foreign currencies
spend of S$1,000 per statement period. Online transactions in Singapore Dollars orin foreign currencies at merchants with payment gateway in Singapore will earn UNI$1
for every S$5 spent. The awarding of UNI$10 per S$5 spend on Overseas Spend is
subject to a cap of UNI$2,400, per statement period; (ii) UNI$10 for every S$5 spent
on petrol (excluding SPC and Shell and provided that the merchant falls under 5541
of the Merchant Category Code (MCC)) and contactless transactions (including
SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions on public bus and train readers), subject to a minimum
local spend of S$1,000 in total, per statement period. The awarding of UNI$10 per
S$5 spend on Petrol Spend and/or Contactless Transactions is subject to a cap of
UNI$2,400, per statement period; and/or (iii) UNI$1 for every S$5 spent on all other
transactions. The UNI$10 consists of the basic UNI$1 earned plus an additional of
bonus UNI$9. Spend exclusions apply. For full set of terms and conditions to UNI$
earn, please visit uob.com.sg/vs for details.
• UOB Lady's Cardmembers can select up to 2 preferred rewards category(ies) for
which you will earn 10X UNI$ per S$5 spent in each calendar month. This comprises
a base earn rate of UNI$1 for every S$5 spent, and a bonus earn rate of 9X UNI$ for
every S$5 spent (“Bonus UNI$”) on your selected preferred rewards category(ies).
The maximum aggregate amount of Bonus UNI$ you can earn in a calendar month is
capped at (a) 1,800 UNI$ which is equivalent to S$1,000 spent, if you are a UOB
Lady’s Classic Card, UOB Lady’s Platinum Card or UOB Lady’s World Mastercard
Cardmember; or (b) 2,700 UNI$ which is equivalent to S$1,500 spent, with each
preferred rewards category capped at 1,350 UNI$ which is equivalent to S$750 spent,
if you are a UOB Lady’s Solitaire Card Cardmember; or (c) 3,600 UNI$ which is
equivalent to S$2,000 spent, if you are a UOB Lady’s Solitaire Metal Card
Cardmember. UNI$ can be converted into air miles at the conversion rate of UNI$1 =
2 miles.
• UOB Signature/World Business Card Cardmembers and UOB Corporate
Cardmembers earn UNI$1 for every S$5 retail purchase charged to the card.
• Eligible Cardmembers earn UNI$ for every S$5 spent on SimplyGo (ABT)
Transactions per submission by the merchant, except for SimplyGo (ABT)
Transactions performed on UOB Visa Cards, where UNI$ are earned based on the
accumulated spend on SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions per calendar month, and
awarded to Cardmembers on the 7th calendar day of the following month.
In these Terms and Conditions, “SimplyGo (ABT) Transactions” refers to
payments for bus or train fares which are made by tapping or waving the Card
against the reader on the bus or train and made using an Account Based Ticketing
System which enables such payments to be charged directly to the Card account.
9. UNI$ earned by a Supplementary Cardmember will be credited to the Card account of the
Principal Cardmember and may be used only by the Principal Cardmember for the redemption
of Rewards.
10. UOB reserves the right to revoke and/or deduct and/or recompute any UNI$ earned to the
Card account in its sole discretion in the event that Cardmembers fail to effect due payment
for the Card Transactions.
11. Exceptions apply for certain Cards offering accelerated UNI$. Please refer to the individual
Card products’ terms and conditions for details.
12. Should UOB deem a Cardmember’s spending to be for commercial, non-personal purposes,
purposes prohibited by law, or purposes excluded by UOB from time to time, or if it deems
that such UNI$ was not earned from qualifying spend of a Cardmember, UOB reserves the
right to refuse to award any UNI$ for such transactions, and to cancel and void any UNI$
awarded at any time. Cardmembers shall not be entitled to any compensation or payment
whatsoever for UNI$ not awarded or subsequently cancelled/voided.
13. Annual fees, interest charges, late payment charges, finance charges, cash advance
transactions, and other miscellaneous fees and charges will not be taken into account for thepurposes of calculation of UNI$.
14. Priority will be given for the deduction of UNI$ for full or half waiver of your UOB Credit Card
annual fees, where applicable. UNI$ for a full or half waiver of the UOB Credit Card annual fees
will be automatically deducted on the first day of the following month when your annual fees
are due upon the annual renewal of Card membership. Any UNI$ balance shall expire 2 years
from the last day of each periodic quarter (“UNI$ period”) in which the UNI$ was earned. To
enjoy the fee waiver, the Cardmember has to set aside sufficient UNI$ under the Fees and
Charges Guide set out the prevailing UOB Cardmembers Agreement. Annual fees for UOB
Reserve Card and UOB Visa Infinite Metal Card cannot be waived and UNI$ cannot be used
to pay the annual fees for these Cards.
15. UNI$ balance will be reflected in the monthly Credit Card statement. In the event the UNI$
awarded is in decimal points, the final UNI$ awarded for each transaction will be rounded down
to the nearest whole figure.
16. UNI$ earned are not transferable to any other Account of the Eligible Person(s) and not
exchangeable for cash or credit. UNI$ which have been successfully redeemed cannot be
refunded or transferred back to any Account of the Eligible Person(s).
17. UNI$ earned by all Accounts shall expire 2 years from the last day of each periodic quarter
(“UNI$ period”) in which the UNI$ was earned. Each UNI$ period shall be calculated
commencing from January to December of each calendar year. Expired UNI$ cannot be
replaced or reinstated.
18. Eligible Person(s) may, subject their respective qualifying UNI$ amounts, select and redeem
any one or more of the Rewards featured on UOB’s Website or in any other of UOB’s
publications The Eligible Person(s) agrees that the use of any particular channel shall be
governed by its terms and conditions then in force, and understands that the available
channels for redemption may change from time to time.
19. UOB is entitled, for any reason, and at any time without liability or prior notice, to suspend the
calculation and accrual of UNI$, to rectify any errors in the calculation or otherwise adjust such
calculation.
20. UNI$ will not be awarded for:
20.1 any transactions made with the following transaction descriptions: -
AMAZE* TRANSIT* (with effect from 1 March 2022)
EZ Link Transport
EZ Link Pte Ltd (FEVO)
EZ Link (Imagine Card)
EZLink
EZ-Link EZ-Reload (ATU)
FlashPay ATU
MB * Moneybookers.com
Oandaasiapa
Oanda Asia Pac
Paypal * Bizconsulta
Paypal * Oandaasiapa
Paypal * Capitalroya
Saxo Cap Mkts Pts Ltd
SKR * Skrill.com
Transit* (with effect from 1 March 2022)
www.igmarkets.com.sg
IPAYMY* (with effect from 1 August 2022)
RWS-LEVY* (with effect from 1 August 2022)
SMOOVE PAY* (with effect from 1 August 2022)SINGPOST-SAM* (with effect from 1 August 2022)
RazerPay* (with effect from 1 August 2022)
NORWDS* (with effect from 21 July 2024)
AMAZE* (with effect from 1 October 2024)
20.2 any payments made with any one of the following Merchant Category Codes (“MCC”):
Merchant Description
Description
Code (MCC)
4829 Wire Transfer/Remittance
4900 Utilities (For UOB Reserve Card only)
5199 Nondurable Goods
5960 Direct Marketing - Insurance Services
5965 Direct Marketing – Combination Catalog and Retail Merchants (wef 1 Oct
2024)
5993 Cigar Store and Stands (wef 1 Oct 2024)
6012 Member Financial Institution–Merchandise and Services
6050 Quasi Cash–Financial Institutions, Merchandise and Services
6051 Quasi Cash–Merchant (Non-Financial Institutions – Foreign Currency, Non-
Fiat Currency, Cryptocurrency)
6211 Securities–Brokers and Dealers
6300 Insurance Sales/Underwrite
6513 Real Estate Agents & Managers – Rentals
6529 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Financial Institute Rentals
6530 Quasi Cash-Remote Stored Value Load-Merchant Rentals
6534 Quasi Cash-Remote Money Transfers
6540 Stored Value Card Purchase/Load
7349 Clean/Maint/Janitorial Serv aka Property Management
7511 Quasi Cash – Truck Stop Trxns
7523 Automobile Parking Lots and Garages (wef 1 Feb 2021)
7995 Gambling - Betting, including Lottery Tickets, Casino Gaming Chips, Off-
Track Betting, and Wagers at Race Tracks
8062 Hospitals (For UOB Reserve Card and UOB Visa Infinite Metal Card only)
(wef 1 Oct 2024)
8211 Schools, Elementary and Secondary
8220 Colleges, Universities, Professional Schools and Junior Colleges
8241 Schools, Correspondence
8244 Schools, Business and Secretarial
8249 Schools, Trade and Vocational
8299 Schools and Educational Services–Not Elsewhere Classified
8398 Organizations, Charitable and Social Service
8661 Organizations, Religious
8651 Organisations, Political
8699 Membership Organizations (Not Elsewhere Classified) (wef 1 Oct 2024)
8999 Professional Services (Not Elsewhere Classified) (wef 1 Oct 2024)
9211 Court Costs including Alimony and Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payment
9402 Postal Services—Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases—Government Only
9399 Government Services—not elsewhere classified
20.3 any payments with transaction description “norewards”;20.4 any AXS payments;
20.5 any transactions made at Shell Service Stations & SPC Service Stations;
20.6 fees, interest and charges, cash advances and withdrawals;
20.7 any amounts approved under the UOB Payment Facility and any associated fees or
charges
20.8 payments under 0% Instalment Payment Plan, SmartPay or UOB Lady’s LuxePay
Plan;
20.9 transactions that are subsequently cancelled, voided, or reversed for any reason; and
20.10 any transactions that UOB may exclude from time to time without prior notice.
C. REDEMPTION OF REWARDS
21. Only an Eligible Person who is a Principal Cardmember of a Credit Card shall be entitled to
redeem Rewards under the Programme.
22. The estimated period for processing of a redemption request is 7 working days. Changes or
cancellations will not be entertained.
23. All requests are processed on a first come, first served basis, and are subject to sufficient
accumulated UNI$ and availability of Rewards at the time of redemption.
24. Rewards Vouchers cannot be used to purchase or redeem any tobacco product or tobacco
related product at any participating merchant.
25. A Reward which has been redeemed cannot be refunded or exchanged for cash or kind,
UNI$ or for another Reward or for any other merchandise.
26. Under exceptional circumstances and at the Eligible Person’s written request, UOB may, but
shall not be obliged to, replace a lost, damaged or stolen Rewards Voucher or exchange a
Rewards Voucher for another, and subject to such proof of loss, damage or theft as UOB may
reasonably request. UOB reserves the right to charge a service fee of an amount that UOB
may determine in its discretion for the replacement or exchange of any Rewards Voucher.
27. Adjustments will be made to the UNI$ if there are any credits posted to an Account including
those arising from returned goods or services, or from billings disputes, or whatsoever reasons
subject to UOB’s approval.
28. Requests made via the 24hour UOB Call Centre Hotline, UOB’s website or such other
redemption channel as UOB may from time to time inform the Eligible Person(s) shall be
deemed to be duly made by the Eligible Person(s) upon confirmation of the Rewards.
29. Redemption and use of a Reward is subject to availability, and to the respective participating
merchant’s terms & conditions. If a participating merchant is, for any reason, unable to supply
the product or service stated in the Rewards Voucher, the participating merchant may
substitute an item of similar value. UOB may also in its absolute discretion, at any time and
from time to time without prior notice, vary the Rewards featured or substitute any Reward
with another of a similar value or vary the UNI$ required for redemption of any Reward.
Issuance of a Reward Voucher does not constitute a reservation/booking. The Eligible Person
is responsible for making all reservations/bookings and notifying the participating merchant of
the Reward(s) they are going to redeem.30. Unless otherwise stated, all Rewards Vouchers must be utilised within the validity period
stated therein, no extensions, refunds, payments, replacements or exchanges shall be
permitted or entertained.
D. INSTANT REWARDS REDEMPTION
31. Principal Cardmembers may make instant redemption of UNI$ at participating merchant
outlets by presenting their UOB card at point of purchase, and to offset their purchases on the
spot. Cardmembers may also choose to redeem their UNI$ in exchange for merchants’
Rewards Voucher, if this option is made available at participating merchant, and subject to
any additional terms and conditions of the participating merchant. Instant Rewards
Redemption is not applicable for UOB American Express, Singtel-UOB, UOB JCB and UOB
Union Pay Credit Cards.
32. UNI$ redeemed under the UNI$ instant rewards redemption scheme or in exchange for
merchants’ Rewards Voucher in the UOB Rewards Programme cannot be used to purchase
or redeem any tobacco product or tobacco related product.
E. GENERAL CONDITIONS
33. The Eligible Person’s participation in the Programme, including without limitation, the issuance
and redemption of UNI$ and the use of Rewards Vouchers, shall be governed by:
a) the terms and conditions herein; b) the terms and conditions contained in the Programme
catalogue; c) the terms and conditions stated in the Rewards Voucher or any booking form or
other document issued by or obtained from UOB/UOB Travel/participating merchants ; d) any
other terms and conditions as may be stipulated by the respective participating merchant
outlets or third party operators, service providers or suppliers engaged by UOB to provide
Rewards featured under the Programme; and (e) the prevailing UOB Cardmember
Agreement.
34. UOB and/or the participating merchant outlet or third-party operator, service provider or
supplier, as the case may be, may at any time vary, modify or amend any of the aforesaid said
terms and conditions, in their absolute discretion, and the Eligible Person shall be bound by
such variations and amendments.
35. In these terms and conditions, unless the context otherwise requires:
“Account” means any account maintained by an Eligible Person in UOB under which UNI$ may
be earned.
“Cardmember“ means the holder of a Credit Card
“Corporate Card” means UOB Empire World Business MasterCard®, UOB Zuellig Platinum
Business Card, UOB Visa/MasterCard Corporate Cards and UOB Visa/MasterCard Platinum
Business Cards but excluding UOB Visa/MasterCard Purchasing Cards and UOB
Visa/MasterCard Travel Accounts i.e. Card Accounts set up for companies, solely for the
charging of travel related expenses
“Corporate Cardmember” means the holder of a Corporate Card account
“Credit Card” means a UOB Credit Card (including the UOB Reserve Card, UOB Visa Infinite
Metal Card, UOB Visa Infinite Card, UOB Privilege Banking Card, UOB Lady’s Solitaire Card,
UOB PRVI American Express® Card, UOB Platinum Card, UOB Preferred Platinum American
Express® Card (valid till 30th June 2021), UOB Visa/MasterCard Platinum, UOB Lady’s Card,
all UOB Affinity Cards, and the Corporate Cards) but excluding the UOB Visa/MasterCard
Purchasing Cards and UOB Visa/MasterCard Travel Accounts;
“Principal Cardmember” means the principal holder of a Credit Card“Rewards” means any goods, services, benefits or other privileges as UOB may from time to
time in its absolute discretion determine, which may be redeemed or obtained by the use of
UNI$ under the Programme, but excludes any tobacco product or tobacco related product.
“Supplementary Cardmember” means the supplementary holder of a Credit Card
36. UOB may, at its absolute discretion, cancel accrued UNI$ and any Rewards already issued,
if it determines that there has been any abuse or fraud in respect of the issuance of UNI$ or
redemption of Rewards or redemption of UNI$ (including any mile transfer to Frequent Flyer
Program: KrisFlyer Program/ Asia Miles), or otherwise in relation to the Programme.
37. Without prejudice to any of UOB’s rights and remedies, UOB may, at any time, in its absolute
discretion and without giving any reason or notice, suspend or terminate the Programme or
withdraw, cancel or invalidate any Reward and/or UNI$ already issued without liability to any
Cardmember.
38. UOB shall not be liable if it is unable to perform its obligations under these terms and
conditions, due directly or indirectly to the failure of any postal or telecommunication body or
any machine or communication system, industrial dispute, war, Act of God, or, without limiting
the foregoing, anything outside the control of UOB or its servants or agents. UOB will not be
liable or responsible for any injury, loss or damage whatsoever or for any charge, cost or
expense of any kind whatsoever suffered or incurred as a result of or in connection with the
redemption or usage of the Rewards or participation in this Programme. Without limiting the
foregoing, UOB will not be liable or responsible for any undelivered, misdirected, corrupted,
lost or delayed text, transmission or transaction or any delay or failure in posting any
transaction, howsoever caused.
39. UOB makes no warranty or representation in respect of the Rewards, whether as to the quality,
value, merchantability or fitness for purpose or otherwise, and assumes no liability or
responsibility for the acts or omissions of the merchants or any non-performance or defects in
the Rewards. Disputes must be resolved directly with the merchant and/or supplier of the
Reward(s). UOB shall not be required to assist or act on your behalf in communicating with
the merchant and/or supplier.
40. The Eligible Person hereby authorizes UOB to disclose information regarding the Eligible
Person (including personal data) and the Eligible Person’s relevant Account to third parties,
whether in Singapore or outside Singapore, and consents to be contacted by voice calls, text
message, email or otherwise, for the purposes of this Programme.
41. UOB’s decision on all matters relating to this Programme shall be final, conclusive and binding
on participants. UOB shall not be obliged to give any reason or prior notice or enter into any
correspondence with any person on any matter or decision relating to the Programme.
42. A person who is not eligible to participate in the Programme shall have no rights under the
Contracts (Right of Third Parties) Act to enforce any of the terms and conditions herein.
43. The terms and conditions herein shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and all
Cardmembers who participate in the Programme shall be deemed to have irrevocably agreed
to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Singapore.
F. GETAWAYS REWARDS
44. Issuance of a travel voucher does not constitute a reservation. The Eligible person is
responsible for making all reservations at the respective participating merchants. Acceptance
of reservations is subject to availability.
45. Refunds will not be entertained for any cancellations whether in part or in full.
G. UOB FREQUENT FLYER PROGRAMME (FFP)
46. If the Eligible Person participates in the FFP, then in addition and without prejudice to the otherterms and conditions herein, the provisions of this section shall apply.
47. Participation in the FFP is also subject to the terms and conditions stipulated by the individual
participating airlines.
48. To participate in the FFP, the Eligible Person must first enrol or already be enrolled with the
participating airline’s frequent flyer programme.
49. Once enrolled, the Eligible Person can effect mile transfers at the conversion rate of UNI$1 = 2
miles.
50. Each transfer by the Eligible Person to his/her designated airline’s frequent flyer programme is
subject to a S$27 conversion fee (or a conversion fee of such other amount as UOB may
determine in its discretion), with the exception of UOB Reserve, UOB Visa Infinite Metal, UOB
Visa Infinite and UOB Privilege Banking Cardmembers; and must be to a frequent flyer account
bearing his/her own name. Each transfer must be in block of 10,000 miles.
51. Principal Cardmember is required to re-enrol for the KrisFlyer one-time conversion via UOB
Rewards - Frequent Flyer Programme Enrolment when the enrolled card number has changed
(i.e New card number due to new or replaced UOB Credit Card)
52. UOB may, if it receives conflicting or multiple instructions or applications, determine the order of
acting without referring to the Principal Cardmember.
53. Please allow up to 5 working days to process the transfer of KrisFlyer miles and up to 14
working days to process the transfer of Asia Miles. Strictly no urgent request or cancellation
will be entertained.
54. The Eligible Person will not receive any Rewards Voucher or confirmation regarding the
enrolment and conversion. However, the Eligible Person may call the individual airline for an
update of accumulated miles.
55. UOB shall not be responsible for any fraud or unsuccessful conversion. In the latter case, the
Eligible Person’s UNI$ will be reinstated to his/her Card Account
56. UOB shall not be responsible for the Eligible Person’s miles which have not been successfully
transferred or for the actions of participating airlines in connection with its own Programme.
57. UOB shall not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by the Eligible Person or any other
parties arising out of or in connection with any matters in relation to travel rewards and/or FFP.
58. The airlines participating in this FFP are subject to change without prior notice.
All information is correct at the time of posting. UOB reserves the right to amend any of the
above terms and conditions at any time without prior notice, and all participants shall be
bound by such amendments.
Date of publishing: 14 June 2026
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z