Terms and Conditions Governing the BOC Sheng Siong Card Cash Rebate Programme
(With effect from 15 June 2025)
The Bank of China (“BOC”) Sheng Siong Card Cash Rebate Programme (this “Programme”)
is available to BOC Sheng Siong Cardmembers (“Cardmembers”) for transactions made with
the BOC Sheng Siong Card (“Card”).
The terms and conditions of this Programme (“Terms and Conditions”) are set out below.
These Terms and Conditions are additional to, and shall be read together with, the terms
contained in the prevailing BOC Cardmember Agreement, which shall continue to apply. By
participating in this Programme, Cardmembers shall be deemed to have read, understood and
accepted these Terms and Conditions (as may be amended, supplemented or varied from time
to time, without prior notice). Unless the context otherwise requires or these Terms and
Conditions expressly provide otherwise, all words and expressions defined in the prevailing
BOC Cardmember Agreement shall have the same meanings when used or referred to below.
1. Definitions
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions:
“Billing Cycle” means the length of time between the last Card statement closing date and the
next.
“Card Account” means the account of the Cardmember maintained with BOC in respect of
the Card.
“Card Transactions” means the transactions successfully charged and posted to the Card
Account which Cardmember is the principal cardholder of or the Card that is issued to a person
that Cardmember authorises as a supplementary cardholder, but excludes the Exclusions.
“Exclusions” refers to the Card Transactions described under Clause 3 below.
“Sheng Siong” means such stores and stalls (including any online store) engaged in groceries
retailing and operated by Sheng Siong Group Ltd and its subsidiaries.
2. Cash Rebate
2.1 Up to 6% cash rebate on Sheng Siong Spend
(a) With a minimum spend of S$300 per Billing Cycle on other retail purchases made
outside of Sheng Siong (“Minimum Spend”), 6% cash rebate will be awarded for spending
made at Sheng Siong and charged to the Card with the assigned Merchant Category Code
(MCC) 5411 – Grocery Stores and Supermarkets (“Sheng Siong Spend”) for the same Billing
Cycle.
Page 1 of 7
V202505(b) 0.3% cash rebate will be awarded on Sheng Siong Spend if a Cardmember does not
meet the Minimum Spend.
(c) The cash rebate under this category is capped at S$35 per Card Account for each
Billing Cycle.
2.2 1.5% cash rebate on Other Spend
(a) 1.5% cash rebate will be awarded on other retail purchases made outside of Sheng
Siong (“Other Spend”), excluding transactions referred to in Clause 3 of these Terms and
Conditions.
(b) There is no earning cap on the cash rebate on such Other Spend per Card Account for
each Billing Cycle under this category.
3. Exclusions
3.1 The following Card Transactions (collectively referred to as the “Exclusions”) do not qualify
to earn any cash rebate (as determined by BOC in its absolute sole discretion and may be
amended, supplemented or varied from time to time, without prior notice):
(a) any interest charges, card annual fees, late payment charges, goods and services taxes,
cash advances, fund transfers, purchases made through Installment Payment Plans (IPP), any
form of purchase or statement instalments, tax payment plans, unposted, cancelled, disputed
and refunded transactions, and all fees charged by BOC or any other third parties (if any);
(b) any payment made with the following Merchant Category Codes (“MCC”);
Category MCC Description
Quasi Cash/Financial 4829 Payment of funds for money transfers
Services, such as but and remittance services
not limited to 4900 Utilities – electric, gas, water and sanitary
5199 Non-durable goods (not elsewhere
classified)
5960 Direct Marketing – Insurance services,
insurance sales, underwriting and
premiums
6010, 6012, 6051, Payments to financial institutions
6211 (including banks and brokerages) for
financial services
6011 Financial Institutions – Automated Cash
Disbursements
6050 Quasi Cash - Financial Institutions,
Merchandise, Services
Page 2 of 7
V2025056300 Insurance Sales, Underwriting and
Premiums
6381 Insurance Premiums
6399 Insurance, Not Elsewhere Classified
6513 Real Estate agents and managers
6529 Quasi Cash - Remote Stored Value Load
- Financial Institute
6530 Payment transactions – merchants
6534 Quasi Cash - Money Transfer - Member
Financial Institution
6540 Non-Financial Institutions - Stored Value
Card Purchase/Load
7511 Quasi Cash - Truck Stop Transactions
7995 Betting, including lottery tickets, casino
gaming chips, offtrack betting and
wagers at race tracks
Business Services, such 7349 Cleaning, maintenance and janitorial
as but not limited to services
7523 Parking lots and garages
Education Institutions, 8211,8220,8241, Schools and Educational Services
such as but not limited to 8244, 8249, 8299
Professional Services 8062 Hospitals
and Membership 8398 Charitable and Social Service
Organisations, such as Organisations
but not limited to 8651 Political Organisations
8661 Religious Organisations
8699 Membership Organisations (Not
Elsewhere Classified)
8999 Professional Services (Not Elsewhere
Classified)
Government services, 4784 Toll and Bridge Fees
such as but not limited to 9211, 9222, 9223, Payments to government institutions
9311, 9399, 9402, and/or payments for government related
9405 services
9331 Tax Payments
Others, including but not 4814 Telecommunication Services, including
limited to Local and Long Distance Calls, Credit
Card Calls, Calls Through Use of
Magnetic-Stripe-Reading Telephones,
and Fax Services
5411 Grocery Stores and Supermarkets
5965 Direct marketing –Combination Catalog
and Retail Merchants
5993 Cigar Stores and Stands
7399 Business Services
Page 3 of 7
V202505(c) Some examples of merchants which are excluded:
Category Examples
Government Institutions / ACRA, CPF, HDB SEASON PARKING, ICA, LTA, MOM,
Services Town Council, URA
Financial Institutions / CardUp, FOREX.COM, helloPay, IG MARKETS, ipaymy,
Services (including banks MatchMove Pay, MONEYBOOKERS.COM, OANDA
and brokerages) PACIFIC, Saxo Cap Markets, Swiss Money Transfer
Money Transfer and MoneyGram, Swiss Money Transfer, Western Union, Wise,
Remittance Services WorldRemit
Utility Bill Payments / SP Services , AXS, SAM payments
Other Payments
Prepaid accounts and EZLINK (FEVO), EZLINK (IMAGINE), TransitLink, NETS
payment service providers FlashPay, SingTel Dash, Youtrip, GrabPay Top up,
MatchMove Pay, HelloPay, ShopeePay
Cleaning, Maintenance, Helpling, Sendhelper
and Janitorial Services
3.2 The above table of merchants is provided as an example and is not exhaustive. BOC
reserves the right to add, remove and/or reclassify merchants in the above table from time to
time at its sole discretion, without prior notice.
3.3 A merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond to its nature of business. The
MCCs are assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank(s). BOC does not determine the
merchants’ MCC. BOC shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating to the categorisation
of a merchant’s MCC.
4. Other Terms and Conditions
4.1 The total spend by a Cardmember and cash rebate awarded per Card Account in one
Billing Cycle are based on posted local and foreign retail transactions in that Billing Cycle,
excludes the Exclusions and such other transactions as determined by BOC from time to time
at its sole discretion, may be amended, supplemented or varied without prior notice.
4.2 Should Cardmembers’ spending be deemed to be for commercial and/or non-personal
purposes, BOC reserves the right to refuse to award any cash rebate for such transactions,
without prior notice. BOC reserves the right to cancel and reverse any cash rebate awarded in
a Cardmember’s statement of account at any time if it deems that such cash rebate was not
earned from qualifying spend of a Cardmember and the Cardmember shall not be entitled to
any compensation or payment whatsoever.
Page 4 of 7
V2025054.3 Combined spending from Principal and Supplementary Cards is allowed for the purpose
of the award of cash rebate. Cash rebate awarded for the Billing Cycle will be credited into the
Card Account in the next Billing Cycle. The Cash Rebate awarded will be reflected on the
Principal Cardmember’s monthly statement.
4.4 The Cash rebate amount for each transaction category will be computed based on the total
value of all transactions in that category which are successfully charged and posted to the
Card Account in a statement month as shown in the Card statement in respect of that
statement month, and will be rounded down to the nearest two decimal places.
4.5 Transactions made must be posted transactions before the end of each Billing Cycle. BOC
shall not be responsible for any delay in the transmission to BOC of evidence of retail
purchases by merchants or any other third parties. Further, BOC identifies transactions and
their categories via universal MCC assigned by Visa. The MCC is not decided by BOC but
rather by the respective merchants and their acquiring banks. As such, BOC shall not be liable
in any way whatsoever to award any rebate to any Cardmember or to compensate any
Cardmember for any loss, liabilities, expenses or claims suffered or incurred by such
Cardmember, if a relevant merchant classifies its MCC inaccurately and results in BOC not
awarding any rebate to such Cardmember.
4.6 The cash rebate amount credited will be used to automatically offset the billed amount for
the Card Account in the next statement month. The cash rebate cannot be withdrawn as cash,
cannot be transferred to any other BOC credit card or debit card accounts or BOC accounts
(otherwise agreed by BOC), and cannot be used to offset any minimum payment due, late
payment charge, interest charges or any other fees imposed by BOC.
4.7 In the event of any cancelled, disputed, refunded, voided and/or reversed transactions for
any reason (whether in whole or in part) where such transactions result in the Cardmember’s
qualifying spend falling below the Minimum Spend requirement, the Cardmember should make
additional qualifying spend to enjoy the 6% cash rebate on Sheng Siong Spend.
4.8 In the event of a reversal, refund, cancellation and/or dispute of any posted transactions
for any reason (whether in whole or in part), the value of such transactions shall be deducted
from the relevant monthly billed amount for the purpose of computing and awarding cash
rebate. BOC reserves the right to debit the Card Account or otherwise recover from the
Cardmember any excess cash rebate previously credited in relation to such reversal, refund,
cancellation or dispute of posted transactions, or the resulting application of a lower rebate
rate due to the Cardmember’s qualifying spend falling below the Minimum Spend requirement.
4.9 Where any transaction charged and posted to the Card Account is subsequently voided,
refunded, cancelled, reversed and/or disputed for any reason (whether in whole or in part),
BOC shall have the sole and absolute discretion to reverse and forfeit the cash rebate awarded
in respect of the Transaction amount voided, refunded, cancelled, reversed and/or disputed.
Page 5 of 7
V2025054.10 All unused cash rebate will be forfeited on the earlier of: (i) the expiry of such cash rebate
at the end of two (2) calendar years from the month on which the cash rebate was first credited
into the Card Account; or (ii) BOC’s receipt of a Principal Cardmember’s request to terminate
his/her Card; or (iii) the termination of the Principal Card by BOC for any reason whatsoever.
4.11 The Card Account must be in good standing at the time of crediting of the cash rebate. In
the event the Card Account is delinquent, terminated or suspended for any reason whatsoever
before the cash rebate is credited into the said Card Account, BOC reserves the right to forfeit
the cash rebate at its sole discretion.
4.12 BOC may vary the percentage of the cash rebate or revise the Minimum Spend
requirement at any time without giving any reason.
4.13 BOC’s records of all matters relating to this Programme are conclusive and binding on
the Cardmembers. BOC is entitled, for any reason and at any time and without liability, to
suspend the computation or awarding of cash rebate, rectify any errors in the computation, or
otherwise adjust such computation. Any abuse or fraud in respect of the issuance of cash
rebate may result in the cancellation of cash rebate already credited into the Card Account.
BOC reserves the right to debit the Card Account or otherwise recover from the Cardmember
any such cash rebate.
4.14 BOC may, at its sole and absolute discretion and without prior notice, suspend or
discontinue this Programme at any time.
4.15 In the case of any dispute, BOC’s decision on all matters relating to the Card Account
and the programme shall be final, conclusive and binding and no payment or compensation
will be given or paid by BOC to any person. BOC shall not be obliged to give any reason or
enter into any correspondence with any person on any matter relating to its decision.
4.16 By participating in this Programme, a Cardmember irrevocably consents and authorises
BOC and its agents and vendors (including but not limited to the parties involved in organising,
promoting and conducting this Programme) to collect, use and disclose his/her personal data
to any person for the purpose of this Programme, and confirm that he/she has read and agrees
to be bound by the terms of BOC’s Personal Data Protection Policy, as may be amended,
supplemented and/or substituted by BOC from time to time and without prior notice, a copy of
which can be found on www.bankofchina.com/sg/aboutus.
4.17 BOC shall not be liable if it is unable to perform its obligations under these Terms and
Conditions, due directly or indirectly to the failure of any machine or communication system,
industrial dispute, war, Acts of God, or anything outside the control of BOC or its servants or
agents.
4.18 BOC shall not be liable for any errors, delays, omissions in the performance of its
obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
Page 6 of 7
V2025054.19 BOC shall have the absolute discretion to use any agents, contractors, vendors or third
parties to administer and/or implement this Programme and BOC shall not be liable to any
person for any act of omission or neglect on the part of such agents, contractors, vendors or
third parties.
4.20 BOC reserves the right to amend, supplement, vary or cancel any of these Terms and
Conditions at any time at its sole and absolute discretion and without liability to any person
without giving any reason or prior notice. If a Cardmember does not wish to accept any of the
amended Terms and Conditions, he/she should not participate in this Programme or
immediately withdraw from this Programme.
4.21 All information is correct at the time of publishing or posting online. However, BOC makes
no representation or warranty whether express or implied, and accepts no responsibility or
liability for its completeness or accuracy.
4.22 In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional material relating to this Programme, these Terms and Conditions as
set out herein shall prevail.
4.23 A person who is not a party to these Terms and Conditions has no right under the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions.
4.24 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and
Cardmembers participating in this Programme irrevocably submit to the nonexclusive
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
Page 7 of 7
V202505