TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SINGTEL-UOB X SINGTEL SHOP CAMPAIGN
1. Promotion
1.1 This Singtel-UOB x Singtel Shop Campaign (“Promotion”) is valid from 1 September 2024 to
31 December 2024, both dates inclusive (the “Promotion Period”). By participating in this
Promotion, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Promotion (the “Terms”).
1.2 This Promotion is open to all holders of a Singtel-UOB Credit Card issued by United Overseas
Bank Limited (“UOB”) in Singapore (the “Singtel-UOB Credit Card”).
1.3 To participate in this Promotion, you must satisfy all of the following requirements:
(a) successfully charge at least S$800 of Eligible Transactions (which can comprise of
multiple transactions) on your Singtel-UOB Credit Card during the Promotion Period
(the “Eligible Transactions”); and
(b) successfully registered to participate in this Promotion during the Promotion Period by
sending an SMS using your registered Singapore mobile number with UOB to 77862 in
the following format: “STXUOB<space>last 4 alpha-numeric characters of
NRIC/passport” (e.g. STXUOB 567A); and
1.4 For the purposes of this Promotion:
(a) “Eligible Transactions” means any retail transactions for the purchase of goods in-
store at any of the physical Singtel Shops located in Singapore or via Singtel website,
excluding Singtel Exclusive Retailer, but shall exclude the Excluded Transactions.
(b) “Excluded Transactions” means:
(i) Bill payment transactions (including but not limited to manual bill payments made via
MySingTel App and/or Singtel website and recurring bill payments); and
(ii) transactions that are unposted, subsequently cancelled, voided, or reversed for any
reason, and/or any other transactions as may be prescribed by UOB from time to
time.
1.5 For the avoidance of doubt:
(a) UOB reserves the right at any time to amend the list of Eligible Transactions and the list
of Excluded Transactions in its sole discretion and without any prior notice or giving any
reasons.
(b) The Eligible Transactions charged by a principal holder of a Singtel-UOB Credit Card
cannot be aggregated with the Eligible Transactions charged by the supplementary
holder of that Singtel-UOB Credit Card for the purposes of computing any minimum
spend requirement under this Promotion.
(c) A merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature of business.
The MCCs are assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. UOB does not determine the
merchant’s MCC. UOB shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating to the
categorisation of a merchant’s MCC.
2. Cash Rebate
Updated Sep 2024
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z2.1 If you are amongst the first 200 customers during Promotion Period to satisfy all the
requirements in these Terms, you shall be eligible to receive Cash Rebate of S$50.
2.2 You are only eligible to receive the Cash Rebate once in this Promotion.
2.3 The maximum Cash Rebate that you may earn under this Promotion is capped at S$50.
2.4 If you are eligible to receive the Cash Rebate, the Cash Rebate will be credited directly into
your Card account by 31 March 2025 (or such other date as may be determined by UOB in its
sole discretion).
2.5 The Cash Rebate can only be used to offset against payments for future transactions charged
to your Card account.
2.6 The Cash Rebate is awarded on a first-come-first-served basis and is subject to availability.
UOB shall not be required to update any participant on the availability of the Cash Rebate
under this Promotion.
2.7 The Cash Rebate is non-transferable, non-assignable and not exchangeable for cash, credit
or other goods and/or services whatsoever. UOB may substitute the Cash Rebate with any
item of equivalent or similar value, without prior notice or reason or being liable to any person.
2.8 For the avoidance of doubt, the account of your Card must be in good standing as determined
by UOB at its absolute discretion. In the event that such account is delinquent, voluntarily or
involuntarily suspended, cancelled, closed or terminated for any reason whatsoever before the
Cash Rebate is credited into your account, the Cash Rebate shall be forfeited and you shall
not be entitled any compensation or payment whatsoever.
2.9 Sending and receiving SMS is dependent on a SMS vendor, an independent telecommunication
authority or service provider or such other third party which is engaged by UOB for the Promotion
and UOB shall not be responsible for any undelivered, lost or delayed SMS sent to and/or
received. You shall pay and be solely responsible for all fees and charges imposed by their
service providers for the sending and/or receipt of any SMS in connection with the Promotion.
3. General
3.1 The following persons shall not be eligible to participate in the Promotion:
(a) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are voluntarily or involuntarily suspended,
cancelled, closed or terminated at any time;
(b) individuals whose UOB account(s) is/are not active, valid, subsisting or in good
standing or delinquent or unsatisfactorily conducted as may be determined by UOB at
its sole discretion;
(c) individuals who are mentally unsound, facing legal incapacity or are incapable of
handling their affairs, deceased, insolvent, bankrupt or have any legal proceedings (or
any threat) of any nature instituted against them; or
(d) anyone whom UOB may decide to exclude, at its sole discretion, without any reason or
prior notice at any time.
Updated Sep 2024
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z3.2 UOB will not be liable or responsible for any injury, loss or damage whatsoever or for any
charge, cost or expense of any kind whatsoever suffered or incurred as a result of or in
connection with the usage of the Cash Rebate or participation in this Promotion. Without limiting
the foregoing, UOB will not be liable or responsible for any undelivered, misdirected, corrupted,
lost or delayed text, transmission or transaction or any delay or failure in posting any transaction
or accessing any of UOB’s online banking services or mobile banking services or third party
applications, howsoever caused.
3.3 UOB has the absolute right and unfettered discretion to make decisions on all matters
relating to or in connection with the Promotion, including but not limited to the determination
of whether you have met all the requirements of the Promotion. UOB’s decisions shall be
final, conclusive and binding and no payment or compensation will be given. UOB shall not
be obliged to give any reason or prior notice or enter into any correspondence with any
person on any matter or decision relating to the Promotion.
3.4 If UOB determines that you are ineligible to participate in this Promotion or to receive the
Cash Rebate, UOB may in its sole discretion forfeit the Cash Rebate, reclaim the Cash
Rebate or charge to and debit an amount equal to the value of the Cash Rebatefrom any of
your accounts with UOB without prior notice to you. If the monies standing to the credit of
your accounts are insufficient to reimburse UOB, you shall immediately reimburse UOB for
the value of the Cash Rebate through such means as UOB may determine in its sole
discretion.
3.5 The Terms shall be read in conjunction with the prevailing UOB Cardmember Agreement and
any other terms that may be relevant in connection with this Promotion (collectively the
“Standard Terms”). In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Terms and the
Standard Terms, the Terms shall prevail to the extent of such inconsistency; and (ii) the
Terms and any advertising, promotional, publicity, brochure, marketing or other materials
relating to or in connection with the Promotion, the Terms shall prevail to the extent that such
discrepancy relates to this Promotion.
3.6 UOB may, at any time and at its discretion terminate the Promotion and/or amend any of the
Terms, and all persons shall be bound by such amendments.
3.7 Unless otherwise stated, this Promotion is not valid with other offers, privileges or
promotions.
3.8 By participating in this Promotion and in addition to any other consent you have already
provided to UOB and any right of UOB under applicable laws, you consent to UOB and the
necessary third parties collecting, using and disclosing your information (including your
personal data) for the purposes of this Promotion and to contact you, including by voice call
or text message.
3.9 A person who is not a party to the Terms shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of
Third Parties) Act 2001 of Singapore to enforce the Terms.
3.10 The Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore and you shall be
deemed to have agreed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of
Singapore.
Updated Sep 2024
United Overseas Bank Limited Co. Reg. No. 193500026Z