Terms and Conditions Governing BOC Elite Miles World Mastercard Programme
(with effect from 1 July 2025)
These terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) governing the BOC Elite Miles
World Mastercard Programme (the “Programme”) are to be read in conjunction with the BOC
Cardmember Agreement, the Terms and Conditions Governing the BOC Rewards Programme,
the BOC Air Miles Programme Redemption Form and such other terms and conditions as may
be expressly stated in these Terms and Conditions. Unless otherwise stated, in the event of
any inconsistency in these Terms and Conditions and any other terms and conditions in
relation to the Programme, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail.
1. DEFINITIONS
In these Terms and Conditions, the following words and expressions shall, unless the context
otherwise requires, have the following meanings:
1.1 “Bank” or “BOC” means Bank of China Limited, Singapore Branch and its successors
and assigns.
1.2 “BOC Bonus Points” means the loyalty points awarded under the Programme. Annual
Card fees, interest, late payment charges, goods and services taxes, cash advances, fund
transfer and other fees and charges will not be taken into account in the computation and
award of BOC Bonus Points.
1.3 “Card” means the BOC Elite Miles World Mastercard issued by BOC, and shall include,
as the context may require, any Supplementary Card and any replacement or renewal of the
Cards.
1.4 “Card Account” means the account maintained with BOC in respect of the Card.
1.5 “Cardmember” means the person named on the Card and shall include the Principal
Cardmember and the Supplementary Cardmember.
1.6 “Eligible Transactions” means all Card transactions eligible for the computation and
award of BOC Bonus Points, and include retail purchases and online transactions charged to
the Card Account but exclude the Excluded Transactions.
1.7 “Excluded Transactions” means the transactions set out in Clause 2.2 in these Terms
and Conditions.
1.8 “Local Spend” refers to all Card transactions charged in Singapore, including card
transactions made overseas but effected/charged in Singapore dollars, all online transactions
effected in Singapore dollars and all online transactions effected in foreign currencies at
merchants with payment gateways in Singapore.
Page 1 of 9
v2025051.9 “Overseas Spend” refers to all Card transactions charged overseas, including card
transactions made overseas and effected/charged in foreign currencies, and online
transactions effected in foreign currencies at merchants with payment gateways outside of
Singapore.
1.10 “Principal Cardmember” means the person to whom a Card other than a
Supplementary Card is issued by BOC.
1.11 “Supplementary Card” means a Card issued by BOC under Clause 3 of the BOC
Cardmember Agreement to the Supplementary Cardmember.
1.12 “Supplementary Cardmember” means the person to whom a Supplementary Card is
issued by BOC.
All capitalised words and expressions in these Terms and Conditions shall, unless otherwise
defined herein, have the same meanings as defined in the BOC Cardmember Agreement.
2. ISSUANCE OF BOC BONUS POINTS
2.1 A Cardmember will be awarded BOC Bonus Points for all Eligible Transactions made by
the Cardmember or the Supplementary Cardmember with the Card at the following rates:
Category BOC Bonus Points Equivalent Air Miles
Every S$1 Local Spend 7 BOC Bonus Points 1.4 miles
Every S$1 Overseas Spend 14 BOC Bonus Points 2.8 miles
BOC Bonus Points may be used to redeem Air Miles, BOC Rewards Vouchers or certain
BOC Rewards.
For more information, please refer to the Terms and Conditions Governing the BOC Rewards
Programme.
2.2 BOC Bonus Points are not awarded on the following Excluded Transactions:
(a) Any interest charges, card annual fees, late payment charges, goods and services tax, cash
advances, fund transfers, purchases made through Installment Payment Plans (IPP), any form
of purchase or statement installments, tax payment plans, unposted, cancelled, disputed and
refunded transactions, and all fees charged by BOC or any other third parties (if any).
(b) The following transactions:
Page 2 of 9
v202505Category Merchant Description
Category Code
(“MCC”)
Quasi Cash/Financial 4829 Payment of funds for money transfers
Services, such as but not and remittance services
limited to 4900 Utilities – electric, gas, water and
sanitary
5199 Non-durable goods (not elsewhere
classified)
5960 Direct Marketing – Insurance
Services, Insurance Sales,
Underwriting and Premiums
6010, 6011, Payments to financial institutions
6012, 6050, (including banks and brokerages) for
6051, 6211 financial services
6300, 6381, Insurance Payments
6399
6513 Real Estate agents and managers
6529, 6530, Payments of funds to prepaid
6534, 6540 accounts and/or merchants who are
categorised as “payment service
providers”
7511 Quasi Cash – Truck Stop
Transactions
7995 Betting, including lottery tickets,
casino gaming chips, offtrack betting
and wagers at race tracks
Business Services such as but 7349 Cleaning, Maintenance and Janitorial
not limited to Services
7523 Parking lots and garages
Education Institutions, such as 8211, 8220, Schools and Educational Services
but not limited to 8241, 8244,
8249, 8299
Professional Services and 8062 Hospitals
Membership Organisations, 8398 Charitable and Social Service
such as but not limited to Organisations
8651, 8661, Political Organisations, Religious
8699, 8999 Organisations and Membership
Page 3 of 9
v202505Organisations (not elsewhere
classified)
Government Services, such as 9211 Court Costs including Alimony and
but not limited to Child Support
9222 Fines
9223 Bail and Bond Payments
9311 Tax Payment
9399 Government Services – not elsewhere
classified
9402 Postal Services – Government Only
9405 Intra-Government Purchases-
Government only
Payment to other 5965 Direct Marketing – Combination
miscellaneous stores Catalog and Retail Merchants
5993 Cigar Stores and Stands
Some examples of the merchants referred to above include the following:
Category Examples
Cleaning, Helpling, Sendhelper
Maintenance,
and Janitorial
Services
Educational Institute of Technical Education, NTU, NUS, SIM, SIT, SMU, SUSS,
Institutions SUTD
Financial AxiTrader, BANC DE BINARY, BANCDEBINARY.COM, CardUp, City
Institutions for Index, FOREX.COM, MONEYBOOKERS.COM, IC Markets, IG Asia,
Financial WWW.IGMARKETS.COM.SG, ipaymy, OANDA, Peppersone, Plus500,
Services Revolut, Saxo Capital Markets/Saxo Cap Mkts Pte Ltd,
SKR*SKRILL.COM/SKR*xglobalmarkets.com, SKYFX.COM
Government A C RA, CPF, HDB SEASON PARKING, ICA, IRAS , LTA, MOM, Town
Services Council, URA
Hospitals Farrer Park Hospital, Gleneagles Hospital,
KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital, Mount Alvernia Hospital, Mount
Elizabeth Hospital, National University Hospital, Parkway Shenton
Hospital, Singapore General Hospital, Tan Tock Seng Hospital
Page 4 of 9
v202505Insurance AIA Insurance, AIG, AVIVA, AXA, Great Eastern, Manulife, MSIG
Payments insurance, NTUC Income, Prudential, QBE Insurance, Sompo
Insurance, TM life insurance
Money Transfer MoneyGram, Swiss Money Transfer, Western Union, Wise,
and Remittance WorldRemit
Services
Prepaid AXS, EZ Link/EZ-Link/EZLINK, eNETS, HelloPay , MatchMove Pay,
Accounts and NETS FlashPay, SAM, SingTel Dash, Transit/TransitLink, Youtrip, any
Payment Service G r ab mobile wallet top-up transactions, and any ShopeePay wallet top-
Providers up transactions
Real Estate ERA Singapore, MCST, RentHero
Agents and
Managers
Utility Bill AXS, SAM payments, SP Services
Payments /
Other Payments
The merchants listed in the above table are provided as examples and are not exhaustive.
2.3 BOC reserves the right to add, remove and/or reclassify the Excluded Transactions without
any reason or prior notification and without liability to any party.
2.4 A merchant’s registered MCC may not always correspond with its nature of business. The
MCC is assigned by the merchant’s acquiring bank. BOC does not determine the merchant’s
MCC. BOC shall not be liable in any way whatsoever relating to the categorisation of a
merchant’s MCC.
2.5 Any BOC Bonus Points awarded to a Cardmember will be stated in the Card Account
statement of the Principal Cardmember. For the avoidance of doubt, Supplementary
Cardmembers are not entitled to separate BOC Bonus Points.
2.6 BOC Bonus Points are accumulated on an annual basis and valid for a period of 12 to 24
months from the date of issuance, or for such duration as may be specified by BOC from time
to time. BOC Bonus Points that are not utilised within the applicable validity period will be
automatically forfeited, cancelled and rendered null and void upon expiry (as illustrated in the
table below), or upon termination of the Card or Card Account, whichever is earlier.
BOC Rewards Period Illustration Table:
Page 5 of 9
v202505BOC Bonus Points Earned in the Period of BOC Bonus Points Expiry Date
1 Jul 2024 to 30 Jun 2025 30 Jun 2026
1 Jul 2025 to 30 Jun 2026 30 Jun 2027
1 Jul 2026 to 30 Jun 2027 30 Jun 2028
2.7 BOC Bonus Points awarded to the Cardmember are calculated based on the posted
amount of each eligible transaction rounded down to the nearest whole number and then
aggregated. Transactions posted after the current billing cycle will be awarded BOC Bonus
Points in the next billing cycle where such transactions are posted. BOC shall not be liable for
costs, losses and/or liabilities incurred by the Cardmember or any other person as a result of
or in connection with any failure or delay in the transmission to BOC of evidence of retail
transactions by merchants or any other third parties or the posting of any transaction to a Card
Account by BOC.
2.8 Adjustments will be made to the BOC Bonus Points if there are any unposted, voided,
cancelled, disputed and/or reversed transactions including those arising from returned goods and
services, billing disputes, or any other reason, at the discretion of BOC.
2.9 BOC is entitled to suspend the award or computation of BOC Bonus Points, rectify any
errors in the computation or otherwise adjust such computation at any time without giving
any reason or prior notice and without liability to any person. Any abuse or fraud relating to
the issuance and/or redemption of BOC Bonus Points may result in the forfeiture of accrued
BOC Bonus Points, as well as the cancellation of the Cardmember’s Card(s). Should a
Cardmember’s spending be deemed to be for commercial and/or non-personal purposes,
BOC reserves the right to refuse to award any BOC Bonus Points for such transactions. BOC
further reserves the right to cancel and reverse any BOC Bonus Points awarded to a Card
Account at any time if it deems that such BOC Bonus Points were not earned from qualifying
spend of a Cardmember and the Cardmember shall not be entitled to any compensation or
payment whatsoever.
2.10 Where any charge posted to a Card Account is voided, refunded, cancelled, reversed,
disputed and/or determined to be in respect of or related to Excluded Transactions, or otherwise
deemed ineligible for BOC Bonus Points, the corresponding BOC Bonus Points will be cancelled
or reversed at BOC’s sole discretion.
2.11 The Card Account must be in good standing at the time of crediting of the BOC Bonus
Points. In the event that the Card Account is delinquent, terminated or suspended for any
reason whatsoever before the BOC Bonus Points are credited into the said Card Account or
Page 6 of 9
v202505if the Cardmember fails to effect due payment for the Card transactions, BOC reserves the
right to revoke, deduct, recomputed and/or forfeit such BOC Bonus Points at its sole and
absolute discretion and the relevant Cardmember shall not be entitled to any compensation or
payment whatsoever.
2.12 In the event that any affected BOC Bonus Points have already been redeemed, BOC
reserves the right to debit the retail value of the redemption from the Card Account of the
Cardmember, without further notice to the Cardmember.
3. MILES REDEMPTION
3.1 Only a Principal Cardmember may convert his/her BOC Bonus Points to Air Miles under
the BOC Air Miles Programme in accordance with the Terms and Conditions Governing the
BOC Rewards Programme.
3.2 A Principal Cardmember enrolled in the BOC Air Miles Programme may effect Air Miles
transfers only to his/her Frequent Flyer Programme Account in his/her own name as recorded
with the relevant participating airline in blocks of 10,000 KrisFlyer miles, subject to a maximum
of 10 blocks per transfer, or such other limits as may be stipulated by BOC from time to time.
3.3 BOC Bonus Points may be converted to Air Miles at the following Miles Conversion Rates:
50,000 BOC Bonus Points = 10,000 KrisFlyer miles
For the purpose of this Clause 3:
“Miles Conversion Rates” refers to the rates at which BOC may convert BOC Bonus Points
into Air Miles under the BOC Air Miles Programme.
3.4 With effect from 1 July 2025, the above Miles Conversion Rates will be applicable to all
new BOC Bonus Points and existing BOC Bonus Points which have been accumulated to date.
All Air Miles transfer requests received on and from 1 July 2025 will be subject to the above
Miles Conversion Rates.
3.5 BOC reserves the right to amend, vary or modify the Miles Conversion Rates at any time
and from time to time at its sole and absolute discretion.
3.6 Each Air Miles transfer will be subject to a non-refundable conversion fee of S$30.56
(inclusive of GST), or such other amount as BOC may determine at its absolute discretion.
3.7 Cardmembers understand and agree that the Air Mile transfer process will usually take 14
to 21 working days. No urgent requests or cancellations will be entertained. Notwithstanding
anything stated herein, BOC shall not be liable for any delay in the transfer process for any
Page 7 of 9
v202505reason whatsoever (including without limitation, delay due to incorrect information in the system
or due to system constraints and errors).
3.8 BOC will not be liable or responsible for any fraudulent or unsuccessful transfer. In the
case of an unsuccessful transfer, the Principal Cardmember’s BOC Bonus Points will be
reinstated to his/her Card Account. The conversion fee will not be refunded.
3.9 The Cardmember is subject to and shall comply with the terms and conditions of the
Frequent Flyer Programme of the participating airline(s) in which he/she is enrolled.
3.10 BOC shall not be responsible for the Air Miles which have been credited to the Principal
Cardmember’s Frequent Flyer Programme Account or for the actions of the participating
airlines in connection with the BOC Air Miles Programme.
3.11 For more information, please refer to the BOC Air Miles Programme Terms and
Conditions on the BOC Air Miles Programme Redemption Form.
4. GENERAL
4.1 The benefits made available to Cardmembers pursuant to the terms of the Programme
are not exchangeable or refundable for cash, credit or any other form of reward.
4.2 BOC shall have the right at its sole and absolute discretion to use agents, contractors,
correspondents or any other third parties to administer and/or implement the Programme and
BOC shall not be liable to any person for any act, omission or negligence on the part of such
agents, contractors, correspondents or third parties.
4.3 BOC may, at its sole and absolute discretion and without assigning any reasons therefor,
delete, vary, supplement, amend or modify the terms of the Programme at any time.
Cardmembers are deemed to have accepted and are bound by such variations, additions,
deletions, amendments and/or modifications if they do not terminate the use of the Card.
4.4 BOC reserves the right to suspend, withdraw or terminate the Programme at any time.
BOC may, at its sole and absolute discretion and without prior notice, suspend, cancel or
discontinue the Card at any time.
4.5 BOC’s decision on all matters relating to the Programme or the Card Account shall be
final, conclusive and binding on all Cardmembers, including without limitation, any decision on
the eligibility of any person to participate in the Programme and BOC shall not be liable for
any losses suffered by any person as a result of its decision. The Bank shall not be obliged to
Page 8 of 9
v202505give any reason or enter into any correspondence with any person on any matter relating to
its decision.
4.6 BOC assumes no responsibility for any of the contents found on third party websites
referred to in the terms and conditions of the Programme and shall not be held responsible or
liable for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on
any content, products or services available on such sites. BOC does not have control of such
websites and the references to any such websites in these terms and conditions do not mean
that BOC endorses the materials on such websites or has any association with their owners.
4.7 Without prejudice to Clauses 16 (Disclosure) and 21 (BOC’s Personal Data Protection) of
the BOC Cardmember Agreement, by participating in this Programme, a Cardmember
irrevocably consents and authorises BOC and its agents and vendors and their sub-contractors
(including but not limited to the parties involved in organising, promoting and conducting this
Programme) to collect, use and disclose his/her personal data to any person for the purpose
of this Programme, and confirm that he/she has read and agrees to be bound by the terms of
BOC’s Personal Data Protection Policy, as may be amended, supplemented and/or substituted
by BOC from time to time, a copy of which can be found on www.bankofchina.com/sg/aboutus.
4.8 BOC shall not be liable if it is unable to perform its obligations under these Terms and
Conditions, due directly or indirectly to the failure of any machine or communication system,
industrial dispute, war, Acts of God, or anything outside the control of BOC or its servants or
agents.
4.9 BOC shall not be liable for any losses, damages, expenses, errors, delays, omissions
suffered or incurred by such person in connection with the performance of its obligations under
these Terms and Conditions.
4.10 In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and any brochure,
marketing or promotional material relating to the Card, these Terms and Conditions as set out
herein shall prevail.
4.11 A person who is not a party to these Terms and Conditions has no right under the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions.
4.12 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and any
Cardmember participating in this Programme irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
Page 9 of 9
v202505