OCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
Terms and Conditions Governing the OCBC 90°N Card and Agoda Yearlong Promotion
1. The Promotion is only valid for OCBC 90°N Cards issued in Singapore, including supplementary
cards.
2. Details of the Promotion are as follows:
Booking Period Now - 10 October 2026
Stay Period Now - 31 December 2026
7 Miles per S$1 spent in foreign currency
Miles Awarded
6 Miles per S$1 spent in Singapore dollars
Destinations Worldwide
Platforms Only through the dedicated website: www.agoda.com/90n
3. The 7 Miles awarded for bookings in foreign currency consist of:
• Baseline 2.1 Miles + 4.9 Bonus Miles.
4. The 6 Miles awarded for bookings in SGD consist of:
• Baseline 1.3 Miles + 4.7 Bonus Miles.
5. For avoidance of doubt, all Miles earned shall be calculated based on each block of S$5 charged
to the Card per transaction, and cardmembers shall not be entitled to any partial or pro-rated
award of any Miles for any amount charged that does not amount to a S$5 block. Amounts
charged in multiple transactions will not be combined to make up a S$5 block. As an illustration,
a customer who spends an amount between S$10 and S$14.99 in a single transaction can earn 12
Miles. However, a customer who spends S$4.90 in a single transaction, or who spends S$2.50 in
one transaction and S$2.50 in another transaction, will not be awarded any Miles.
6. Bookings must be made through the dedicated website www.agoda.com/90n in order to qualify
for the promotion. To ensure the transaction is tracked accurately, Cardmember must not access
any other Agoda landing pages after accessing this site on any browser. OCBC and Agoda will not
be responsible or liable for any Cardmember’s failure to participate in this Promotion or to earn
the rewards hereunder resulting from the Cardmember’s failure to comply make the booking
according to these terms and conditions.
7. The bonus Miles will be credited to the Cardmember's credit card account within 2 calendar
months from the Cardmember's departure from the hotel.
8. The Promotion is applicable for prepaid bookings only and does not apply to bookings which are
paid at the hotel / destination.
9. Miles are awarded based on the final amount charged to card which is inclusive of hotel tax and
service charges.
10. The Miles can only be earned by one Cardmember per booking and cannot be split between two
or more Cardmembers.
11. With respect to hotel bookings, the Miles are only awarded on the accommodation component of
the amount spent, not on ancillary charges such as meals, mini-bar, beverages, phone, laundry or
other extra costs charged to the room account.
12. The Promotion is non-transferable, non-exchangeable and cannot be used in conjunction with any
other discounts, cashback sites, loyalty programmes, rewards, promotions, discounted items, and
fixed price items unless otherwise stated.
13. Agoda’s usual booking terms and conditions apply.
Last updated 15 October 2025
InternalOCBC Bank
65 Chulia Street OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513
14. The eligibility of any cardmember to participate in this Promotion shall be determined at the
absolute discretion of OCBC.
15. OCBC Bank reserves the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the Cardmember
to claw-back, deduct, withdraw, or cancel any Miles or other rewards/rebates awarded to the
Cardmember for any reason whatsoever, and without any liability to the Cardmember.
16. OCBC Bank reserves the right at any time without giving any reason or notice to the Cardmember
to debit, charge and/or deduct from any of the Cardmember’s accounts with OCBC Bank and/or
demand the Cardmember to repay or compensate to OCBC Bank, the monetary value equivalent
of any Miles previously awarded, for any reason whatsoever, and without any liability to the
Cardmember. OCBC Bank reserves the right to determine and revise from time to time the rate of
conversion used for the purpose of computing the monetary value equivalent of the Miles to be
deducted.
17. No person shall be entitled to any payment or compensation whatsoever in respect of any claw-
back, deduction, withdrawal or cancellation of any Miles or any debit, charge or deduction or
demand for the monetary value equivalent of any Miles made by OCBC Bank, for any reason
whatsoever.
18. Agoda and OCBC reserve the right at each of its absolute discretion to terminate the Promotion
or vary, delete or add to any of these terms and conditions at any time without notice including
without limitation, the eligibility of any cardmember and the dates of the Promotion.
19. OCBC shall not be responsible for the quality, merchantability or fitness for any purpose or any
other aspect of the Promotion, or any product and/or service relating to the Promotion.
Notwithstanding anything herein, OCBC shall not at any time be responsible or held liable for any
defect or malfunction in any product or the deficiency in any service provided, and/or any loss,
injury, damage or harm suffered or incurred by or in connection with the Promotion, and/or the
use of any product and/or service relating to the Promotion, by any person.
20. OCBC’s decisions on all matters relating to the Promotion shall be final and binding on all
participants. No correspondence or appeal shall be entertained by OCBC. In the event of any
inconsistency between these terms and conditions and any brochure, marketing or promotional
material relating to the Promotion, these terms and conditions shall prevail.
21. OCBC shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to any person in connection with the
Promotion howsoever arising, including any error in computing chances, any breakdown or
malfunction in any computer system or equipment, or any notice which is misdirected or lost in
the post or in transmission.
22. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and each participant in the
Promotion irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore. A
person who is not a party to any agreement governed by these terms and conditions shall have
no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B) to enforce any of these terms
and conditions.
Last updated 15 October 2025
Internal